I love Roku I own two now. Easy to set up and use. Now I can take it anywhere.
While I admit I don't use the smart features all that much, the picture quality is 2nd to none. Had the TV for a year and 2 months and its still running great. Sound is very good for a TV. The TV remote is okay, but we use our cable remote mostly. I bought the 75". You can't go wrong with this TV.
Bose over-ear noise-cancelling headphones work great. For some reason, these in-ear noise-cancelling headphones make me very dizzy, to the point that I cannot use them at all.
I waited four generations of Intel i7 CPUs to upgrade and it was so worth it! I didn't bother to get the unlocked version of this CPU because I don't overclock and I am still so impressed with this CPU. I use Handbrake to transcode video and this is so much faster than my i7 3770S. I will have this CPU running for many hours at 100% load and there are no issues using the stock CPU cooler. I can even browse the wed while this CPU is at full load. I couldn't do this with my 3770S.
We love this Canon 5D Mark IV Camera. We have the 5D Mark IIi and the 5D and the pictures from these two cameras do not compare to the quality of the pictures from this camera. Have not tried the video yet but will soon. We wondered if the step up would be worth it and it was.
I love this monitor. It's easy to use, just plug into laptop and use as additional screen. I use as a third screen when needed. Works well if you are in any training away from your desk. 6.8.18- I've had this monitor for while now. It's gone with me on all business trips and I use as second monitor in hotel room when needed. Travels well and is easy to use. First picture is monitor plugged into laptop and other pictures are the monitor itself. This monitor has no power cord. Once plugged into any USB port, monitor comes on.
Amazing tv. The picture quality is excellent and the tv was very easy to install and use. I have had no issues with the tv since purchase and I highly recommend the toshiba fire tv to anyone looking for a 4K Tv at a great price.
Great radio for the price. Works works great with Apple car play
Love my slingbox, can watch tv and my dvr recordings anywhere. Easy to setup. My box you can only use Component all around, so you make sure you are using component from box to sling then sling to tv so you can also watch TV. Update - Today I open my slingbox and what do you know banners at the bottom of the screen,, I hate them. I am warning users that they will soon be bombarded with ads via the slingplayer. As if we don't have enough commercials to watch, or listen on the radio. Now this???? come one. I will no longer buy or upgrade any slingbox products.
What a great lens! Just bought this for my Canon 6Ti and it is incredible lens for the price. Use it now more then any other lens.
These are comfortable headphones that look and sound great. Love them.
This is my second Chromebook. I purchased the Toshiba 2 Chromebook which is quite similar but this trumps it in all build quality. The Toshiba laptop is great and would recommend as well. But for same price its better to get the Acer Chromebook 14, Aluminum. If you are thinking of getting a Google Chromebook this is the laptop to purchase. Five Stars!
I purchased the Arlo Q Plus wired camera after owning other brands wireless camera. The audio and motion detection work amazing well. The 1080p picture is great and the 180 degree field of view makes it so I can see my entire room. I like that I can plug the camera directly into my Ethernet, and I can expand my home security system with more Arlo cameras. The Arlo app works great, and I could add my wife as a user to my Arlo account so she can use the app on her phone too.
Love this TV, my first 4k tv and couldn't have been happier. Amazing picture! Also my first Sony TV, I usually stick with Samsung but the reviews of this TV everywhere swung me.
Love this camera... Great pictures and very easy to use
Amazing sound from this Bose speaker. Love it... take it with me everywhere!
These headphones exceeded my expectations. Ihad a pair of beats over ear headphones and after while they hurt my ears. Sound quality was good but not in class with these headphones. I would recommend them to anyone looking for high quality headphones
Works great. Compact. Looks nice. A+ quality USB hub like everything from Anker.
It works as a 2 TB hard drive for the Xbox. I have had it for the Xbox One for about or over a year now with no issues getting it plugged in and working, and to store all my games. Well worth the money if you need more space on your Xbox.
this camera takes the best pictures and is very easy to use
I love my new camera, its perfect. Best buy ever! (Those are the pictures I tooke with the camera)
I used this stand for about 4 months and finally gave up on it. It looks nice and the headphones (K7XXs) look great on it. The main problem I had with them is that whenever I picked up the headphones the stand would come with them. I would then have to remove the stand from the headphones. I lived with it for a while, but it became too much of a pain to deal with, and I now use the hook style headphone stand.
I ordered this router on Amazon. After reading all the reviews and trying two different Linksys, I thought D Link was the one to be tried. When i received this router, I noticed that the router was already used by someone else as there was a a wireless with SSID already setup. I had to return the router and re order a new one. And then it was easy to set up and haven't had any problems with the router so far.
Overall great design, BIOS is user friendly and just easy to use for overclocking CPU and RAM. Was able to overclock the RAM to 3000Mhz with just a few clocks and tweaking the DRAM voltage a little. Came Ryzen 2 ready on BIOS version 4011! Newest BIOS version is 4024 for ASUS B350 board, but 4011 works just fine. Worked right out of the box after replacing my wifes old AM3+ FX build. At first I went with a ASRock B450 Pro board, but it was D.O.A, so I RMA the board and got this instead. Stick with ASUS, MSI, or Gigabyte for motherboards. Never had an issue with them. Cons: None.
Scanner is fast to set up and fast scanning! Easy to use.
I love this keyboard! I've been suffering from shoulder pain for several months because of sitting hunched over a keyboard for 8 hours a day. With thi keyboard I can keep my shoulders back, and feel much more comfortable at the end of the day. I was worried it would take time to adjust to the keyboard being split and angled, but after just a few minutes of typing it felt perfectly natural! Definitely recommend getting the accessory kit to go along with it that provides the tilt wedges and palm rests.
I love this case. It fits all of my switch stuff and it fits my switch in a case too. It's a well made heavy duty case that will work really good for me.
I purchased this CPU for my 2nd Gaming PC build and I love it! It's a great gaming CPU for the price. I currently have it overclocked at 4.0 Ghz with no issues whatsoever. Do make sure to get a CPU cooling fan with heatsink - I used the AMD Wraith Max CPU cooling fan and it works very well.
Good,not as easy to focus as other small binoculars I have.
This is the best car GPS I have used. I've used it in the US, France and Iceland and had no problems loading the maps I want via Wifi. I always save addresses for traveling in Google Maps. Now I copy and paste them into my TomTom MyDrive account and they are automatically added to the GPS. The interface is easy to use and routing is very good. I connect it to my phone via bluetooth while driving for live traffic updates. It does take several hours to upload maps due to the size, but it's all done via wifi so not a big deal.
Very good light meter with great accuracy. Also great value for the money.
This camera is excellentI am so happy with this camera. I bought it for my husband. He's a point and shoot kind of a camera guy. And the photos it it takes our superior we are both so happy it is a go to camera
the radio is a great little radio. the only difficulty is programming the radio.
This is a great hard drive. I just purchased a Mac Pro and used this hard drive as my full backup and I am glad that I did. By saving everything on the hard drive I will guarantee that my computer will run fast and I will have enough storage for photos for years!
I have tried several other wireless earbuds from $30.00 to $300.00. This have the best sound, stay in your ears, connect to my phone and watch easy. The sound is not as good as over the ear headphones but for the size they are good. The battery life is good, never had an issue with headphones running out of battery. The controls are easy, you can use either bud or both buds. The case is large but that is good and bad, the large case fits the earbuds and gives extra battery life, but is hard to fit in pants pockets.
Great camera. manual controls are awsome, Focus is fast with lots of great manual focus tools so you can use your old cameras manual focus lenses. The fuji XT-1 makes photography fun again, the first digital camera that bring back the passion of photography. Good in low light, very good easy to access manual controls. Fuji is always updating the firmware making a great camera even better. The 32,000 electronic shutter speed is very useful. This is a Cannon or Nikon DSLR killer. Fare lighting and smaller. has incredibly great out of camera JPG and RAW imagery. All the Fuji XF glass has awesome IQ, including the lense that comes with the camera, no junk lenses.
great TV for the money. Picture is great, sound is great and the smart tv options are great, except it doesn't allow you to go to the internet directly. You can only use the features in the smart tv menu. So no surfing online. But other than that, it really is a good tv for the value.
great camera its what I would expect from Pentax if your looking for a rugged camera
Very good router. Much better than my old N router.
The bag matches the product description. It is durable and the materials seem very tough. The snaps make it easier to close the bag, especially for people with arthritis. When empty, the bag is fold-able and could be added to a suitcase or larger bag. It will make a great carry-on bag or an every-day bag for hauling "stuff." My only concern is that I bought the large size and it seems smaller than I expected. Otherwise, it is a great bag.
The speakers sound great in the room I put them in
Nice laptop, fast, quiet and a great laptop to use!
This thing works great! Works with alexa. And has a smart app that you can power on and off while your not home. Pretty cool power strip.
An Excellent computer monitor for the value, with limited controls. I wish it had a better software to calibrate colors. As a TV, the best you can get in the market place. There is no other 4k TV at this price point. To bad that one cannot truly test the 4K capabilities due to limited content. The sound quality is subpar. It can use external speakers to enhance the experience. Bottom line, it delivered on what was promised--4K computer monitor and no frill 1080p tv.
garphics are good but not for gaming . my other acer has intel garphics but windows 10 would not load the driver right. this acer works good all the drivers work. For price you get a good computer
The printer is a replacement for HP all in one printer. Until this printer we have traditionally purchased HP printers, but we have had problems with them. This printer prints very fast but it is kind of noisy...not really a factor. We have had the printer for about 4 months I just recently replaced the black cartridge with the larger one available for the printer. The color cartridges are kind of small, I don't think the larger color cartridges fit in this printer. We have been happy with this printer so far.
This has worked great on my laptop that does not have a built in dvd drive. I'm able to watch DVD's and burn CD's and DVD's with this drive. I love it and would recommend it to anyone that is looking to add a DVD drive to their laptop. It also works with desktops as well
I purchased the NETGEAR Nighthawk AC1900 WiFi Cable Modem Router (C7000v2) as a replacement for the Comcast/Xfinity modem/router I was paying $15 a month to use for internet and wifi. I am pleased to say that the installation of this modem/router was so simple both at home as well as with Comcast and my wifi/router experience is so much better than what I had with the Comcast/Xfinity unit. I highly recommend this as a simple alternative to the $15 a month you may be paying for a modem rental from your own ISP.
Great Product overall I love this speaker great sound awesome bass
Needed to replace my sub in our small living room (10x10). This sub puts out great sound given its size and Amazon's price is the best I could find anywhere.
These boots are beautiful. . I went a half size smaller and they fit perfect. . I love love love them..
The sneakers are just what I expected. They fit just perfect this is my 3rd pair of high top Fila I bought a red pair and a tan one so .yes I like them and the fit. I’ll probably buy a couple more.
I love these shoes. They are Comfortable all day ling
This was an amazing price for Sperry boat shoes. I was looking to replace my old pair that I had been using for the past 2.5 years (there was a good period of several months where I wore them everyday). However, when buying these shoes, be sure you've tried on and walked around in boat shoes before. Sperry boat shoes are notorious for having low arch support and personally, I cannot comfortably walk in them for more than a couple hours. That's just how Sperry's are. Nonetheless, these are authentic/good quality for a great price (normal msrp between $80-100).
If you wear UGGs, you know they are not true to size and you have to find your perfect size. But I LOVE these slippers!!!!! I'm usually a size 6/7 in women's but a size 4-5 in UGGs
I like Clark's shoes because they fit well and are very comfortable .
My daughter like her EMU boots. It's nice to have quality and a good price when selecting boots. Thank you very much.
Fits as I expected, but people new to New Balance should know that the trail shoes run a bit wider than the running shoes - so this pair is slightly large for me. Still, they're great, sturdy shoes.
Great shoes, I love Reebok's.... These shoes are perfect! Comfortable, great for walking and running.
I love this shoe! Is so comfortable I can wear to work all day and feet never hurt. I have it in three colors I love it so much!
ASICS make great running shoes. This ones fit me perfectly.
Beautiful shoes just way bigger than other wide shoes size 10 I was nervous to buy these I have not ever owned a pair of Puma but great and comfortable shoes
Great hiking boot, one of the best boots out there! It has really good support, not too heavy.
Love them! I have Keen women boots and love them, so I went looking for a pair for my son. These are amazing. Wider fit which is great for my son's wide feet. soft supporting bottom, flexible. Water proof and warm. My son loves wearing them. These are the 2nd pair. When he grows out of them, I will buy a size up.
These Vasque Breeze 2.0 hiking boots are the most comfortable boots right out of the box that I have ever owned!
I had 4 pair of New Balance tennis shoes and the sole has separated from all 4 pair. I will never buy a New Balance tennis shoes again!
The shoes feel really comfortable. The shoes fit as expected and are not too wide or too narrow for my feet. I feel like I could wear these shoes all day however I bought them to use in a gym shower. I would recommend these shoes to anyone looking for a comfortable pair of shower shoes.
As an electrician I need good work boots. I put them on before work, with the thought that new boots were going to make my feet sore. To my surprise these boots felt great for my 10 hour work day. These boots, provide good support for my ankles and feet. To top it off, the boots are comfortable. So far I like the boots.
Love Keen shoes! I have a wide foot and I never have problems with these shoes.
So far I love these shoes for running. They are comfortable and true to size.
I LOVE these shoes! they fit perfect! THese shoes are extremely comfortable and perfect for crossfit. ! i loved the color and the feel of the shoes!! !
Great shoes! Really light and the most comfortable basketball shoes I have ever had.
Perfect snow boots! We live where there is snow flon the ground for at least 6 months every year. Good snow boots are very important. These are perfect and keep feet dry and warm. They are worn everyday and are very durable as well! Love Kamik!
Great school shoes! Fit as expected and they’re comfortable for my daughter.
Ordered white leather Converse trainers from Blackleaf but received white canvas Converse trainers. Really disappointed so will return shoes and order elsewhere.
The shoes do not have as much support as I like but they are comfortable.
I ordered these shoes because of all the great reviews and someone I know loves them. I read and was told that you need to break them in. This is very true! I have worn them a few times just for a few hours to break them in. I love them so far. I am still breaking them in and seem to be struggling with breaking them in in the heel area. The fit is exactly what I expected. I usually wear a 9 and that is what I ordered. The color and texture are as expected. Overall a great shoe! I plan on ordering the leather Desert Boot.
Love my Hunter boots!! I highly recommend these. I would order a size smaller than what you normally wear. I usually wear about a size 7 but ordered a size 6 and they fit perfect. There is plenty of room for warm socks.
Love these boots. Fit is good. Comfortable right out of the box. I have never had a problem with Danner boots
Great fall booties. Very comfortable, can walk around all day in them. They look good with jeans and skirts. Love the Dark stone color. Get compliments every time I wear them.
I wear these boots every day. They last about a year and a half. Longer than any other boot I have bought. I am on my 6th pair. Great steel toe boots.
I love these shoes an the colors look so good an they are really comfortable
Love these shoes! The patent leather gives the shoe a more professional look. They fit perfectly as expected, however, I have a wide foot and bought the "b/m" because they did not offer a wide. I am glad I did, but a person with a narrow foot will likely find these shoes too wide u less wearing thick socks. This is my fourth pair of fitflops, my 2nd pair of closed toe, and thonly shoes I can wear that do not hurt my feet! The Fitflops technogy releases my heel pain and nerve damage pain in the ball of my foot. Great shoes!
They are so beautiful, I can't wait for my wedding day to wear them.
I'm at my second keen work boots and they've been great with my feet
Love these boots! They are great with the adjustable back. These are perfect for if your calf is just a little too big for the regular Hunter boots. I would definitely recommend these!
These shoes are great for walking/ hiking/ biking etc. Although, I would not wear them in wet weather as they are not made to be waterproof or water resistant. Other reviews said to order a size larger than you normally wear. I ordered an 8 (my normal size) and they fit great. Very comfortable to wear and walk in all day. Love the color of these shoes. Seems hard to find shoes that don't have gaudy neon colors all over them. I plan on wearing these on my trip to Scotland and look forward to comfortable feet and not looking like an American tourist.
9.5 is what I wear, have many boots and shoes and all are 9.5. Had to return these and get 10.5. The 10.5 fit very well, so order one size up if you want them to fit. Great boots otherwise. First time that I have bought zippered boots but they work really well.
The shoes fit as expected and are very soft on the inside. They hold up to the snow and keep my 8 year old son's feet warm. I highly recommend these boots!
Super cute rain boots!! Rain boots that make you want it to rain! Great color! Super comfortable. These aren't the most flexible rain boots. I normally wear a size 7 to 7 1/2 shoe. I ordered a size 8 and the fit is great. I can also wear them with thick socks comfortably. I normally wear a 7 in Crocs.
I’ve been wearing the Merrell hiking boots for years. The fit great and wear well.
Most comfortable pair of golf shoes I have ever worn.
My son has to wear braces and these fit so well over the braces and look very nice...love them!
When I ran my first marathon, the store I went to specialized in running shoes. They fitted me with the Mizuno Wave Rider. I've been hooked ever since. There are a LOT of amazing shoe brands, and I've tried to buy beyond Mizuno over the years, but for my feet, with high arches, this shoe gives the best overall support.
Super cute and love the platform. Ordered 1/2 size down and wish I’d gone down a whole size.
These boots fit perfectly. I always wanted thigh high boots but can never find any boots that fit my thunder thighs. So happy I got these boots. Will be buying more in different colors.
The shoes are great! I like how it fit and look!
These boots run small. If you need to use a heavy sock you better get at least one size larger,..maybe more. Otherwise they are a very good boot. I ordered 1/2 size larger than I normally wear and then had to exchange them for a full size larger. But a very comfortable boot that is light and keeps you warm.
Seems like a good shoe, however they are much too narrow for my feet.
I've worn these boots on 2 hikes and they are great boots, just like the Danner Mountain Light boots I bought last year.
Quality set of pots and pans. They heat evenly and are good looking too!
I wanted to give this 5 stars for how great the suction is on this vacuum, and how light it is to use. But the big problem is that the battery doesn't last as long as the vacuum. When new, this vacuum will go at least 20 minutes at full speed, but little by little, you get less and less battery time. This happened the last time I bought this vacuum, and since the battery cost almost as much as a new vacuum, I just bought a new one. Sure enough, about 9 months after purchase, I could only get about 3 minutes of battery life. So disappointed.
Such a great grill to have! Easy to use/clean. Love it!
Love my Panini Press! Easy to clean & use. I can make my grilled cheese sandwiches and still have enough room to add some hot dogs.
My kids love this toothbrush holder. They love that it has storage on the top to put their combs and toothpaste. My husband loves it because now their toothbrushes aren't all over the bathroom counter. Easy to attach to the wall, no problems with this product. Would definitely recommend this product and would buy it again.
I returned the microwave because it was not a new microwave.
Terrible pot & pan set! Take my advice and DO NOT purchase this set. The copper on the outside stains/fades. Within two uses my pans looked yellow instead of copper. Food sticks terribly even with oil/butter & the inside of the pots & pans are stained. I have scrubbed/soaked them and they still do not look clean. I have only had these for 5 months and I am already looking to replace them.
What a great fridge! And freezer combo! I originally had a Haier Fridge and I was great! Had plenty of storage however the freezer was lacking. It was in a small compartment in the upper right corner. Couldn’t store much besides an ice tray or one single entree. So I was in desperate search for the perfect fridge with a separate door for the freezer, and this was the one! Ample space in freezer, took a little sacrifice in fridge space but so worth it. Very quiet and great build quality! If having a decent size freezer is important to you highly recommend this unit!
I recently bought a new mattress and got the Luna Premium Hypoallergenic Mattress Protector prior to the mattress delivery. about two weeks after I got the mattress one of my cats had a little "accident". My first thought was that the new mattress was ruined, then I remembered the protector. After stripping the bed I found that this protector is indeed waterproof. There was absolutely no moisture or smell on the new mattress...*whew*. This mattress protector did its job flawlessly. Highly recommended for anyone wanting to protect their mattress from accidents.
Really nice bookcase, sturdy and nice looking solid wood shelves. Easy to assemble. Will buy more of these for my house.
Definitely the most comfortable mattress I've ever used (over a year now). I'm a back sleeper, so this mattress is perfect. I do sleep on my side sometimes and it's still great. The mattress is firm, but not stiff. Just right. I built a custom bed frame to support mattress. Didn't like quality of Casper's.
This fryer was easy to use & I love the oil filter drain feature. Makes this fryer a breeze to clean and store the used oil.
Excellent panini press...makes great sandwiches and easy to use. The kids have even found it easy to use....and make their own sandwiches.
I was very impressed with the quality of this bed frame. It was very sturdy and well made. Another excellent quality was how easy it was to assemble. I love the extra storage underneath the bed frame. Would definitely recommend it & would buy another if I needed another bed frame..
This is the best coffee maker. The coffee is the perfect temperature first to last cup. And it is the best tasting coffee ever.
Great little iron. I bought for sewing, but Its great so I will be using it as a travel iron also.
Great crock pot, love the locking lid feature. Easy to use.
My friends compare this microwave's buttons to a 7-eleven microwave. However it functions perfectly, and I love the space saved compared to the previous microwave. If your kitchen is cramped but you still want a high powered microwave, consider this one.
This is such a great vacuum for pet hair on hardwood floors/tile (I don't have carpet)! It is super easy to assemble, use, and empty. We have 2 large 90lb Rottweiler puppies and I have to vacuum daily to keep up with their shedding. I am still amazed every time I use it at how much hair and dirt this vacuum picks up. The unique shape at the bottom is very helpful around corners and the cord extends pretty far. I would highly recommend this product especially if you have a cat/dog.
This cherry pitter does the job. I wanted one to pit cherries for my 4 yr. old who would eat cherries like apples because of the pit. Now half the cherry is not being waste. Sometimes it doesn't work the best on softer cherries and bigget pits will get stuck occasionally. Overall, I am happy with it.
Very sturdy and a perfect height to raise the head of the bed.
I love this coffee maker. My husband likes his coffee cold so he'll make a whole 12-cup pot and stick it in the fridge. I love hot coffee so I have to warm up my coffee each time. I decided to go for this coffee maker because it makes single cups of coffee and I don't have to buy the stupid K-cup things. I love my Kauai Estates coffee and I'm so happy that I can make a fresh cup of coffee whenever I want. It's also very easy to clean and the parts are dishwasher safe :)
This rice cooker is great. I cook brown rice a lot and this cooker makes perfect rice every time. I love it. This product can cook a ton of rice too.
Great broom and dustpan. Love the extendable handle on the broom and the "comb" on the dustpan that get all the dust bunnies off the broom. The compact bristles do a much better job than my previous broom and gets up all the debris.
Love how it fits the mattress pad and mattress perfectly.
This coffee maker makes coffee fast and keeps every cup hot. We also like the fact that you don't need two hands to get a cup of coffee.
Nice piece of furniture. Easy to assemble and looks beautiful in my dining room
This is a loud and powerful fan, if that's what you're looking for this is the fan for you!
LOVE this little thing! Its small and quiet and works very well. We have it in a small bathroom. This works better than any other dehumidifier we've tried!
These silicone-bottomed ice trays are genius. Love them. They are slightly smaller than regular ice cubes, so I need to use more of them, but otherwise, what a great invention. Unlike my old ice cub trays, the ice cubes come out easily and in one piece! They have lids so you can stack them before they're frozen.
Awesome brownie pan for those who like their brownies with edges and corners. The pan is top quality and the brownies cook more evenly than in a traditional pan. Worth every penny!
I have a very small oven and had to get smaller baking sheet. This rack fits perfectly into my sheet pan. Good, solid quality. I like that it serves several purposes, because I also use it as a cooling rack, and a coating rack for my baking, as well as a drip rack for cooking. Arrived quickly. Thank you.
I love this tea kettle, although the handle gets very hot so I use a oven mitten to pour water.
We were looking for a bunk bed so we could have a twin on top and queen below. The loft bed fit our needs perfectly. The instructions were a little confusing but I was able to put the bed together almost by myself. My husband just had to help stand it up. My son is thrilled and loves his new bed. Its a bit wobbly climbing up and down but I think that's just because its a loft.
This coffee maker is awesome. Love the side by side brew coffee and single side coffee maker. Great when I want a full pot and great when I want a single cup of coffee or tea. Kids love to make hot chocolate.
After careful consideration I purchased the Excalibur over the LEM dehydrator for my husband. As an avid hunter he wanted a new much larger dehydrator to make his beef/deer jerky over the smaller dehydrator he was currently using. He wanted one with multiple racks and a timer was a must. Once he used the Excalibur he was hooked. With the large multiple racks he was able to make larger batches of jerky at one time. He really liked the timer as well as all the other features the Excalibur has. I plan on putting this dehydrator to use to dry fruit. If you are in the market for a dehydrator let me suggest the Excalibur. It is worth the money.
This is a great little air conditioning unit, it works well to effectively cool our 5mx5m bedroom - which is the hottest room in the house. Keep the door closed and vent through a window with a window seal and it works a treat. It is noisy, there is not denying that. However, It's no more noisy than any other unit. My personal opinion is that it's worth the noise for a nice cool room to sleep in. I would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for an AC unit.
This sausage stuffer is wonderful. So easy to use and to clean.
I was not sure when I purchased this product. I cleaned my wood floors and then used product. I was surprised what a nice shine it gave to my very old wood floors. I will purchase again.
These are so easy to use. I was surprsied at how easy the grinders turned. Easy to hold and turn. I bought this set because both the salt and pepper were grinders, not just the pepper. Many sets have salt shakers with the pepper grinder. Highly recommend!
What can I say, it is a shelf that holds things. Perfect for in the corner of the room, easy to assemble and a great price.
I had a party a few weeks back and I needed a decanter for my wine. This decanter was perfect for the occassion. The surface area nicely allowed for good aeration of my wine. The decanter is attractive to look at and substantial in weight. Pouring the wine was a breeze. Cleaning the decanter was easy with simple rinsing. I would definitely recommend.
My husband and I love this mattress!! We had a memory foam mattress pad on out old inner-spring bed and liked it so much we went with a MF mattress this time. It is firm, which we need for our bad backs, but it does form to your body like good memory foam should. The free pillows were a great bonus! It is too firm for me to use directly, but it is perfect with my "soft" pillow on top. I sleep so well now and I don't wake up when the hubby comes to bed anymore. We would recommend this to anyone with back problems or that just like a firm bed!
Great steam iron! I have never had an iron like this.
Works good, sturdy. Over sized cans don't fit the best or small cans.
For the price, good non stick cooking set. Good heavy guage pots and fry pans.
I used a spiralizer blade with a zucchini and it works great. Easy to set up and use.
I bought these glasses as a replacement for a glass I had accidentally broken. I am very pleased with the quality of the glasses. I like the light weight of the glasses and much prefer them to stemmed wine glasses.
It's a nice cutting cutting board. We have not used it yet. It looks very well made.
This pan was a luxurious gift to myself, something I've wanted a long time. All-Clad is such wonderful cookware and the copper core adds exponentially -- I know, because my father was a mechanical engineer who, at one point in his life, worked for a cookware company and had a set of copper core pans made for my mom. This pan is beautiful, cooks evenly, and is everything I hoped it would be.
As a fitness tracker and watch to wear on the daily that looks nice and feels comfortable the versa 2 is great. If you are expecting a smart watch like an apple watch then you'll be disappointed. So far I've had no technical issues with this and some features like the sleep tracking are very impressive. And the battery life is amazing compared to other watches. There are some things that arent so great. Like how you have to do everything through the phone app but i can live with that. It's half the price of a new apple watch. Note: this is my first fitbit or smart watch.
Fits perfectly, I'm a size 4 and got an XS. I was running a marathon and wanted to have a place to keep my iPhone 6 Plus during the race, but it is really difficult to get the phone in and out of the small opening on the belt. I also looked like I had a giant box on the front of me due to the size of the phone. My ID, keys and gels fit fine otherwise and it was comfortable. The belt held everything in place and does not bounce or slide around while running.
This bag works very well for large events, such as stadium events, where security requires a clear bag or a small bag. I was able to get everything needed into the bag for a day at the races.
Did you see the lady with the giant blue umbrella that's too big to fit through anywhere and smacks people in the head? That is this umbrella. It's bigger than a golf umbrella and the only reason I didn't return it was it's just too dang big. It's too small to be a beach umbrella but way too big to practically be a rain umbrella either. Go a size smaller. It's well made and I like the color and handle.
My son loves his hoop. He's 7 years old and loves to play basketball, thoughhe cant move the hoop up and down yet he's been playing with it every day. Best SANTA gift yet.
I purchased this tent for my family of 4. For years, we've gotten by with a smaller Eureka. My main concern was if the quality of the Coleman was as good as the Eureka. My son and I did a trial run to see how fast we could put the tent up. For a big tent, the setup was fairly simple. The poles were sturdy and the tent overall seems well made. We took the tent camping last weekend. It's a very big tent for a family of 4, but we like the extra room. The tent works as we expected and overall we are very happy with the quality, especially for the price.
This tent is super easy to set up and take down. It worked great for my fall camping trip to the ocean. My only complaint is it is quite small. I purchased the 4-person tent for myself and my 5 y/o son. I had a queen size air mattress in the tent and that is all you could fit in it. Our bags did fit down the side but it was difficult maneuvering around in the tent. I am 5'0 tall and i could not stand up fully in the tent unless I was directly in the center. This is a great tent but I wish I would have bought a 6 or 8 person tent.
I really like how it has the stove part as well as the grill side. Great for camping.
This is a very sturdy and high quality bench! Very happy with this bench, and it looks good too
I love my Schwann recumbent bike. I hired an Amazon person to put the bike together!! It was well worth it!! Love the bike👍👍
For its price, it is a great rack. I use it squat and pull ups.
Awesome gym gloves! very durable and worth the buy! these gloves are so much better than all the other gloves I had! !
Great soccer ball! My 8 year old loves it for her practice ball!
The mask fits great didn't fog up. I'm going to get a darker lens for it. but overall a great mask. It worth it.
Garmin vivosmart HR is very accurate on distance but heart rate is not. The overall app is great and is easy to use. I like it and so does my wife and daughter. This was a great buy for my use.
Speed gun does not work properly. My son is a pitcher and needs an accurate speed gun. The same type of pitch was thrown 50+ times in a row for more than 15 days (over a month's time) and this Bushnell Velocity Speed Gun clocked speeds fluctuating from 23 mph to 87 mph throughout. There is no consistent reading from this gun. This was a Christmas gift for my son and because of inclement he was not able to use the gun until recently and too much time has gone by for a return. Will not purchase or recommend this product.
Great recumbent bike for the price. Easy to put together. I highly recommend this bike. Seat is hard but well fitting.
My first pair of batting gloves, so I can't speak from a point of experience, but they look good, feel good. These gloves are not a perfect solution to batting all day, but I don't think any gloves would do that.
My 9 year old loves this buggy! It goes a pretty long time for the battery use.
Love my pilates ring, easy to use and came with a good exercise manual
We use this all the time while camping. Must have for cooking over a fire.
Great pair of ice skates; my daughter loves wearing them. They are more comfortable and keep her feet warmer than the rental skates she was using - so glad I got her these! However, as some other reviewers had mentioned, the skates run small. My daughter has wide feet and wears a size 10 shoe, so I got ordered a size 12 skate which turned out too small and narrow. We ended up getting a size 1 skate, which was a little big but very comfortable with thick socks.
Sounds like a duck and was not that expensive. Recommend to all duck hunters and collectors. This is a very good duck call.
The better the jump rope the harsher it is being unforgiving. I love the rope.
Works pretty well for a small pump. Gauge is nice to have on the pump. Would purchase it again.
Love this reel!Super smooth reel with great build quality for the price. and the Drag is also great!
Bought these for my 9 year old daughter who wears a size 7. She loves them. I wear a size 9 and I also tried them on. They fit perfectly. For some reason she thinks I will try to use her skates lol.
Great handle and grip. Very good price. Its been a really good kettle-bell so far. I highly recommend this kettlebell.
These gloves really make a swim a good workout by incorporating all the muscles that normally don't get worked as much with normal swimming. I find getting in the water and filling the gloves along with your wet hand to be the best way to put these on, i do find on occasion one glove will "loosen" or not stick to my hand like when i first enter the water, meaning water enters the glove and makes it poofey and water logged, but a simple gloves above water and squeegee down fixes it.
This coffee pot works well in my opinion this style of coffee pot makes much better coffee then a electronic black driip
I bought 2 more of these. Surprisingly good scope for the price. Holds zero well. I really like the QD rings that came with this scope. I've had the scope off the rifle 3 times so far and the scope has been dead on each time I put it back.
We will be using these six lacrosse balls to play lacrosse. Do people use them otherwise? They came in two days and were as advertised, six, yellow, lacrosse balls. I got exactly what I expect I would get when I ordered six, yellow, lacrosse balls.
Absolutely love these gloves. Leather is firm, solid padding. Wrist straps are tight. I will never use anything other than fairtex gloves. They are Thai gloves, I would not recommend for boxers. The wrist cuffs are short for clinch work. Again, I ABSOLUTELY love these gloves. I have been using these gloves for 4 or 5 months before writing this review.
Just received my bench yesterday!. Took me about 1 1/2hour to build. It's everything I expected to be ,very good quality bench for the price.. happy with my new bench, Now let's get to work💪
This will be the second belt that i buy from SPIbelt and I just love them! I have also a nike belt and you can't even compare between them, this one is much much better. The belt stays tight to your body while running and you don't even feel that it's there. I put in it while running my iPhone 6 and my car keys and there still space for another set of keys. If you use a bigger phone than iPhone 6 it might be too small for more than your phone + a small set of keys.
This is a great umbrella. I love the beautiful sunflowers on it and it's so easy to use. I had my hands full the other day and could still hold the umbrella. It's great.
Great bar; it's sturdy, intuitive to assemble, and the grips are great. The configuration allows for different grips for pull-ups, chin-ups, etc. It's incredibly easy to hang onto any standard door frame and feels very sturdy. For the great price, I got one for home and one for work. After I got over my fanatic obsession with wanting to do pull-ups (since I never got past 5), I still use it to hang on and stretch out my back.
Description says it comes with a ball pump... the tiny plastic ball pump included did not have any attachment to actually pump up the balls... so now I have to go out and buy a ball pump... not cool at all! Make sure you have a ball pump on hand if you want to be able to use these balls.
First time I ever installed a tire on a bike that came in a little box. Took a little work to form and get the tires on the rim and as a beginner poked holes in the inner tubes with the tire prier thing I didn't know not to use them to mount a tire only remove. you tube video was helpful in learning the process but once the tires were on they are really nice a little heavier than the tires that came with the bike due to the puncture proof layer they added in the tire and thickness of the tread
Fitbit aria Smart Scale is a wonderful companion to the FitBit Tacker. Love this scale! Eight different can record their weight on this scale. Worth the price!
These burlap sacks were great for our family sack race. The ages of the participants were from 5 to 14. The sacks were sturdy and stands up to the roughness of the children; still has no holes. The material felt like the potato sacks of old. I recommend this product for purchase.
These were very nice socks - loved the material and did not slide down. However, these were NOT compression socks. Perhaps if you had huge feet and calves, they might fit like they are compression socks. Otherwise, they were more like dress socks.
This scope works well in low light situations as advertised. You can actually see better through the scope at dawn/dusk than you can with your naked eyes. The glass is good for the price and fairly clear. I mounted this to my Remington 700 inplace of a tasco 3x9x40 tasco and I ended up having to buy taller scope mounts (medium) because the bolt hit the eye piece on this scope when using the scope rings I already had. This is a good cheap scope, however; it does seem to fog up fairly easily....which is the reason I replaced my junk tasco scope. You will get a little better than what you pay for with this scope but not much.
Received my BOSU ball and used it for a great workout using it as a driving wheel, planks and worked on my balance and stability. Using the BOSU Balance Trainer will work muscles you haven't used normally. I miss working out with my Burn Bootcamp where we used the BOSU ball a lot. I would recommend The BOSU Balance Trainer to everyone.
Delivery was great. My son loves his skates and and i just got him new wheels and stoppers for the skates. great quality skates for a great price . thank you
Love these knee sleeves. They give me good support on my knee's. They fit great. Ty so much
Not a tennis player, but need a racket to play tennis with? Then this will be fine for you. Good racket for beginners at a great price.
Great goggles. These fit my 2 and 4 year old Perfectly! They love them!
Bought for my boyfriend and he loves this hat. Says the sound quality is surprisnigly good.
Just be sure you find the two by four studs in the wall and this bar works perfect very sturdy
