So easy my kids can use it. Love the Roku!!! turn any tv with an HDMI port into a smart tv Easy, fast set up. Works great and is all but invisible once attached to the TV. What I love about it ... you can extend it down from a high TV with a long HDMI cord.
Do not buy this TV if you want a smooth clean picture. Screen is paper thin, but amazing sound. It has an amazing picture and great sound quality. Remote is easy to use. Samsung QLEDs DO NOT work with HDMI CEC. The user-interface is snappy af. Very nice color and clarity.
If you're looking for noise cancelling earphones I think these are definitely it. Fantastic noise cancelling. Not available in white - a pity. They fit comfortably in your ears as well. excellent sound quality. Smart looking carrying case. Buy them - and return them if you're not blown away.
Right now I'm encoding movies WHILE i play video games. Right now I'm encoding movies WHILE i play video games. Super fast, runs up to 4.7 with no OC. Turbo boost to 4.7GHz is all you need. Super fast, runs up to 4.7 with no OC. Idle temps 20-30C but I do have a very elaborate water cooling system that includes 2 loops with 3 ek D5 pumps and reservoirs in each. Expensive, now we have a code error that reduces processor speed? Honestly in my opinion amongst the best Intel processors out there.
The majority of the events I've shot have been under sub-par light where cranking the ISO has rendered the majority of my photos and video useless. The focusing is spot on and the new features including touchscreen are so convenient. Now I have t take photos at the same level of competence as the camera! Truly amazing piece of kit, and particularly good for taking photos in low light. Pfft, what the heck else can i add that they other zillion reviews haven't.
This is a great portable monitor that my staff use as a second monitor when in the field. Buyer beware - It crashed my computer! Buyer beware - It crashed my computer! Buyer beware - It crashed my computer! The viewing angle is narrow vertically. Buyer beware - It crashed my computer!
Fire tv built in ! Instant Fire TV. Voice control is nice. Picture quality sucks. After a month of remote issue a software update fixed issue. Adjusting the tv settings while watching tv is not possible. Easy set up. What a great TV!!! Works well. The applications that come with tv are outstanding.
I mainly purchased this for Apple CarPlay, and it’s fantastic. Good value for money . I mainly purchased this for Apple CarPlay, and it’s fantastic. We like this a lot. Supports software updates.
After 15 mins with the SlingBox M1, I had it working on two PC's. you are required to watch a 30 second ad before starting your streaming video, from your own TV on a device you paid full price for. The smaller form factor, and the built in IR blaster are nice features also. Other than that, I love having the access - when the weather is good, there are no connectivity problems. The supporting software works well on cell phone but is worthless on a laptop and tablet. Product looked new out of the box. Issue is that there is no HDMI plug in so I couldn't hook it up to one of my small direct tv boxes. I just wish the app for the iPhone worked just as good as for the iPad!!
The new improvements make this a solid lens. Great for low light. It's very fast and I love the background blur. Easy to pack. This lense is my first attempt at shooting with a fix focal point. Would recommend for users with general, everyday photography needs all the way to portrait professionals. A small wonder.
Sound quality is good and comfortable to wear. Very comfortable, excellent design. On the down side they did not come with a carry case
All we got was a screen with a "connecting to wifi" and "testing" and a cursor blinking. Thin, durable, and a high quality. Battery life SUCKS. Great for homework and casual use with flash games and games that do not need more than 4 GB of ram. Nice 14 inch display. I really like working with this Chromebook! There are several versions of the Acer Chromebook 14.
Switched from the pro to Q because it doesn’t use a base station. Video quality is good. The camera provides a decent video but the audio could be better. Everything you want in a security camera. 2-way audio works surprisingly well. Warranty is only 1 year.
I wanted an LED that was reasonably priced with 120Hz refresh rate for games yet with a screen size of 50 inches or less. I am having a hard time with the remote, I am older, so maybe this is the problem. This TV is amazing! The TV itself is just what we expected. The colors are true and accurate right out of the box. The remote control can be confusing for the elderly. Using just the remote control as is it is possible to rotate between TV, Netflix, Amazon and Blu-ray player. I’ve only had this set for a few days, but wow!
If you're looking for an entry level camera that won't break the bank, this is it. I've always loved Nikon point and shoot cameras. It's beautiful and comes with the charging station as well as a wrist strap and battery. Quite easy to navigate, and I love all the features. My only issue with this camera is that the video files are limited to 20 min; even the most basic cell phone can do longer videos.
This design with 360 degree of sound challenges all others. The bass is deep and the mids are clear. Should come with a better warranty. Incredible sound for its size. Love the built in handle. I brought this unit for the 16 hour battery and to hear my music outside which requires it to be loud.
It is time to consider buying a hi-fi player. It is time to consider buying a hi-fi player. Clarity and balance are unparalleled. They are super soft on the ears and block out even a crying baby 5 feet away. Can be a bit snug. Bluetooth connection failed to connect with iPad, iMac and an Android phone. Very nice headphones, work well with the iPhone.
Like the fact that they are tilted to be easier to access. That'll stick to the desk so you can't get it off. Works very well with my Surface Pro 4 providing additional USB 3.0 connections for my devices. Solid little USB hub that included a Velcro tak strip to hole it in place. Does not work with Windows 10. If you have devices that need a little more juice go with a powered strip. Then I got a "not enough power to use USB attachment" on my Surface Pro. After i added a new external hard drive.
This is an excellent, high capacity easy to connect external hard drive for the Xbox One. Plenty of space for extra games. The USB ports are always on for charging, and can be used to add on additional HDDs if you need them. The hard drive is rated for 30 games.
I have owned several digital cameras in the past and never had this problem. Camera does not come with a dedicated battery charger. Pros- price, small size, takes clear pictures, simple to use Cons- slow shutter speed at times, takes a few moments to review pictures, can be too basic
The camera is in perfect shape, as is the lense. I bought it because the specs show that for video and image quality the T5 is pretty much the same as the 7D, and I tend to agree with that. Good camera, user friendly. Using it for a color photography class, very versatile. I got this camera to take pictures of space. It has a built in flash, a variable lens, every shooting mode that its professional sibling, the 6D, has. I got this camera to take pictures of space.
I love this stand. Saves his headphones from being knocked around. -Good for the price. All you need in a headset stand. This headphone stand is the best headphone stand ever, she is beautiful too. -Good for the price.
D-Link DIR-655 is Really the best wireless N router for this price. The D-Link DIR-655 router is great. I especially like the "guest network" feature that allows visitors to use the router (by pressing the button on the router) without disclosing the password and exposing your network. The DIR-655 was a great purchase. USB port will not work with Windows 7.
One of the best budget am4 socket boards in my opinion. The reinforcement on the PCI helps to support heavy GPUs. I'm giving it a three stars due to the fact the board I got was faulty.
This is a FAST scanner. I am constantly grabbing at the pages to keep them in order. Easy to operate. It will work with the most updated IOS. I bought this scanner to replace my Neat Desk Scanner that broke and Neat stop making scanners.
I love this keyboard! With the stand is better. It is not quite convenient in terms of typing, but I agree to ignore it for health. There's a few things that bug me, first is the keyboard and the stand to give the keyboard the arch is an added accessory and an added cost; the second thing that bugs me is that the stand sometime collapse when typing. Awesome love it, very ergonomic, went from the split Microsoft keyboard to this so there wasnt a huge transition. The third minor dislike is the VIP3 attachment - one slight bump of the keyboard and the stand shifts, not very stable at all. Clicking sound when keys are pressed - annoying!
if you need a case I definitely recommend this one It is the best carrying case I have found. Makes it easy to travel. And plenty of space for games. It is nice and sturdy to protect the console and accessories.
Mostly use the computer for music production and gaming and I can't seem to get the processor to even break a sweat. Its a decent processor. This CPU is... Amazing. Fantastic cpu and great value for my money! Good processor no proper heat sink included.
Easy to use,these are for low light not night vision. No night vision! This is an amazing binoculars, super light and compact .The non-slip Grip makes it very comfortable to hold and view. I bought the binoculars to use when visiting Yellowstone for a week, and they worked great. Sharp image. Lightweight and compact. Lightweight and easy to adjust focus and size to fit your face frame. Nice carrying case and neck strap. If you're looking for perfect optics you'll need to spend money.
Or wait, maybe the Amazon description should be accurate? I had the opportunity to test a few devices in a real-world situation over a four day drive acros a few states. App works well with the iPhone. Paired Tom-Tom with mobile phones for hands-free calling in addition to traffic and route assistance. I purchased this GPS device for a three week driving trip to France. Many countries but not worldwide.
I take 3 measurements in a spot with very little variation in numbers. This meter works, but I don't know how accurate it is, since I don't have a reference. But because of the onboarding temperature readout as well as lighting I can see this being useful for people growing "vegetables" in their own little grow ops. Backlit lcd screen seems to be bright enough for uses under bright lights. Simple design, and easy to use. Needs to know how much light the plants are getting.
This is a small, lightweight general purpose all in one camera that produces very high quality images that can be uploaded to social media by linking through a smartphone. Putting a massive sensor in a small camera sure makes a difference! Works well in low light. It is small and easy to shoot a photo. Pros ---------- Produces DSLR quality images Light weight Pocket size Tilt-able built in flash Bright f1.8 aperture for low light shooting Sony standard hot shoe Cable free wifi file transfer to PC and smartphone Live shooting through smartphone screen (Can be used as remote controller range up to 10m from camera) Long lasting battery Cons ---------- Expensive Grip doesn't feel snug in your hand (You can buy the attachment grip from Sony online store for $14.99) Fixed lens (Not interchangeable) If you are using a DSLR with bundle lens kit and not planning to buy more lenses, this will be a perfect replacement. Zoom lens focal length offers a nice range of wide to slight telephoto.
An excellent radio for the price. Easy to use radio. The supplied antenna is good but I do recommend an extended antenna from Nagoya to make better use of the three power settings that is another great feature of the radio. Decent battery life. Also, the belt clip comes unattached. Radio works fine but the charger is worthless.
I have a few 2TB versions as well as this 4TB model. Plug and play. It’s small, light, and simple. Data transfer is quite nimble . Drag and drop capability to save to it is very convenient, if not very security conscious. You really need a usb 3.0 port. Formatted the drive through xbox and reinstalled my games. The quality of the hard drive was extremely disappointing and a waste of money.
So much for sweat and water resistance as advertised by Apple. My favorite feature is the volume control on each earbud. I ordered these because I was only getting less than a hour of listening time from the AirPods. The charging case is terrible.
This is a great camera for people on the go! The image quality is fantastic, the camera is far more compact than my Nikon DSLR's, and the electronic viewfinder is amazing. The body is solid and the controls are small but quite good.
Have been enjoying M558 g1 for a month. You’ll be glad you did. Also it supports home kit so you can do some actions with it I purchased this tv cause I had a lot of friends tell me how long it lasted them. Build quality is great too. Not the case.
For an entry level DSLR this is a good mid level camera. I am in awe of the quality and value that the K-50 represents. The Pentax K-50 was my first foray into dslr photography. Water resistance will very much come in handy. The kit lenses are great and I really appreciate the weather sealing Pentax has engineered at this price point. The menu is user friendly and the camera is generally easy to use. A lot of camera for the price.
from good side: this router handles a lot of devices at the same time. THE GOOD The Asus RT-AC3200 Tri-Band Wireless Gigabit Route has powerful hardware and good performance. The router has many helpful features, including the ability to keep malware from entering your home network, and it can also work as a powerful VPN/NAS server. Love the router. THE BAD It has a bulky, somewhat impractical design and you can't name clients on the IP reservation list anything other than their MAC address.
Cute, and durable. It's rugged and well-made with very sturdy materials. That's not cool. Made of canvas type fabric. This is a very nice vintage messenger bag.
Great sound quality. loud clear sound. high - highs and low - lows. Liked the way the mounts are done on the back. Give them a little time to loosen up and break in before making a final judgement
This HP laptop is a dream . It's lightweight and very easy to set up. !and this is 10th gen i5??? Just received computer today and was very happy to get it up and running. - Battery life is HORRIBLE. Just received computer today and was very happy to get it up and running.
This smart power strip is awesome. With 4 USB and 4 normal outlets, it’s a great addition for everyone. Okay I love this product, and even though I did not like that it did not show the power usage of the devices plugged in, it is a well-made product that does exactly what they say it will do. Okay I love this product, and even though I did not like that it did not show the power usage of the devices plugged in, it is a well-made product that does exactly what they say it will do. The instructions that come with it are microscopic. Worked right out of the box. Cannot get it to connect to anything. Okay I love this product, and even though I did not like that it did not show the power usage of the devices plugged in, it is a well-made product that does exactly what they say it will do.
You won't regret your purchase. I have a Sony 65" 4K and I love the picture but I am starting to think pushing 4K right now is worthless. It's the best deal you can get for a 4k tv right now. This works with my Early 2013 Retina Macbook Pro, but not through the HDMI port, I had to get a Mini-Display Port to HDMI adapter that supported 4k. This works with my Early 2013 Retina Macbook Pro, but not through the HDMI port, I had to get a Mini-Display Port to HDMI adapter that supported 4k. This works with my Early 2013 Retina Macbook Pro, but not through the HDMI port, I had to get a Mini-Display Port to HDMI adapter that supported 4k. 4k content looks stunning.
It has two extra spots for hard drives too, one of them being attached to the dvd optical drive though. Meets all of those requirements. Like having 2 HDMI and plenty of USB. Windows 10 installed with Norton Security free for 30 days which is nice since I run Norton already throughout all our systems I just added my key code and it updated the NIS so I scanned system and it came up clean and Wi-Fi is operating flawlessly. Everything works, but the CD/DVD drive is a bit cheesy. I do a lot of multi-tasking and need to be able to go in-between applications as quickly as possible. It's not a administrator account so I can't do anything.
I just installed the Epson WorkForce WF-3540. I just installed the Epson WorkForce WF-3540. Very complicated to install email The 3.5-inch touch-screen display works well with gesture navigation, but its fixed angle inhibits its usability in higher positions
And the drive seems very slow in reading and writing. A few years back you couldn't buy an internal drive like this for this price. Yeah, I bought this back in 2015. Zippy drive that can also write the M-Disc for archival backups. Product was recognized by my laptop and work without a problem. It doesn't skip when I pick it up and shake it which is one thing that I was concerned about. A little gem for an amazingly low price.
Definitely a good upgrade from our last modem router combo, and avoiding the monthly rental fee is awesome. 1160 square feet and the router is placed centrally and in clear view. Only up to 300 mbps. Bumped my speed up to 400Mbps. This is one of the best routers for streaming and online gaming. Easy setup. However, only two Ethernet ports! It is also easy to set up.
This Anker Soundcore FLARE 2 is very loud. Great for the money. Good sound quality, it sounds better if you turn the bass up feature on (in my opinion) and the rgb lights look good, but the soundcore flare mini seems better value at £41.99 and sounds just as good but doesn't get as loud. Good sound quality, it sounds better if you turn the bass up feature on (in my opinion) and the rgb lights look good, but the soundcore flare mini seems better value at £41.99 and sounds just as good but doesn't get as loud. Similar in size to the JBL. Good sound quality, it sounds better if you turn the bass up feature on (in my opinion) and the rgb lights look good, but the soundcore flare mini seems better value at £41.99 and sounds just as good but doesn't get as loud. Easy pairing and love the RGB light show that can be customized with the Soundcore app.
Polk Audio. The Polk PSW111 is our first powered subwoofer. Using the high level inputs, and a acin tube receiver. Using the high level inputs, and a acin tube receiver. Using the high level inputs, and a acin tube receiver. Smaller than my JBL and more powerfully... yet no distortion.
Love these boots! They are comfortable and very stylish. After a week of mountaineering in RMNP, I pretty much ripped the skin off my heels and Achilles' tendons. Excellent arch support (and I have extreme arches). After a week of mountaineering in RMNP, I pretty much ripped the skin off my heels and Achilles' tendons. After a week of mountaineering in RMNP, I pretty much ripped the skin off my heels and Achilles' tendons. Super fashionable and durable. Cons: takes a bit to break in. I sized a half size down.
This is the first pair of Fila's I have ever owned. The quality is bad, I still have old reebok shoes that more comfortable than any new sneakers Besides that, it's a great and stylish shoe. But they were too narrow. WILL GET BACK IN A WHILE TO UPDATE! I was impressed with the quality of the leather and the support offered. I love my Filas! I love my Filas! I love my Filas!
Skechers Ultra Flex first take is not as good as the Skechers Ultra Flex Harmonious I ordered a size 6 which is my exact size in any shoe and the shoe fit me too tight. Really like the color. Comfortable walking shoe and looks good. Skechers Ultra Flex first take is not as good as the Skechers Ultra Flex Harmonious I wear a lot of teal shirts so these are perfect for me This product was shipped fast. Love the looks of this shoe, wished it would come in wide width. Love the shoe. Loved this but unfortunately it was not wide enough. I'm in heaven!! I would buy these by the trunkful! She loves the comfort of the shoes. Love the color and the price. Little arch support as well. I’m actually shocked at how many great reviews there are for these shoes.. the soles feel like there is more cushion in some parts of the soles but not in the spots that would need them like the arch and joints.
This is the perfect all-purpose shoe that looks great, and can take a beating. Super comfortable; my first pair of boat shoes. Classic Sperry Topsiders - great casual shoe for warm weather. Comfortable and durable. My son has worn these for 23 days at school (winter uniform started in mid Oct) and they have already fallen apart. And during that break in period the left shoe is rubbing my heal causing a blister. They break in very quickly and within a month can be worn without socks.
Perfection!! The 5 fits great and I know they'll last and keep her feet warm. Be aware that it's not a 'real' UGG product so you are paying a lot for a faux sheepskin moccasin. Perfection!!
Comfortable and long lasting! Wear all day and are comfortable. They fit like a glove. They run a little small, but i was able to make them work. just may not be my "long distance" shoe.
The quality is outstanding, inside and out. Very well made boots happy with the quality would buy more of these boots for gifts, great product very affordable I replaced my old Emu's due to the wear and tear that occurred from wearing them for over four years. I have purchased these boats before and for some reason this pair feels very tight. Tight at first but after 2 wks have stretched and are perfect. Consequently, when boots get wet, they dry very dark and dingy.
Just received these New Balance trail shoes this week. I was hoping they'd offer a little more stability with more traction. Love the shoes. Love the shoes. I have narrow feet and these fit perfectly - I usually have a hard time finding a shoe that isn't way wide. We hiked 6-10 miles a day on different terrain and these shoes were very comfortable and provide enough protection on uneven rocks and trails that I never had issues with foot pain.
The only trail walking and running shoe that I use. The shoes hold up ok. The shoes have stood up to walking every day. The shoes hold up ok. I like the color and the fit of the shoe. If you have the shoe to loose the inside of the shoe wears out and gets holes in the fabric. Fit perfectly, and true to fit. Fit as expected. I just purchased this 5.0 version as a replacement.
Weight distribution is equal, and not solely on the toe. The strap across the middle of the shoe holds your foot in. Great for dancing the night away. However, the strap across the instep keeps the shoe securely on my foot. Purchased in lieu of strappy sandals for an evening, semi-formal wedding. 3 star rating is because they are listed as a “leather” shoe, but LEATHER UPPER isn’t marked inside the shoe. Very comfortable, I have this style in several colors. I love the strap across the top of my foot. HOWEVER, after only 2 times wearing them, the cap came off of the bottom of each heel and metal is showing. I have received many compliments; however, they do not provided good arch support.
Very disappointing considering ASICS is known to be a very nice shoe and has always held up well for me. It's hard to find a good pair of running shoes without the gaudy colors these days. My normal "D" foot is right in the middle of the fit range of this shoe. Size is very appropriate, lightweight, breathable, appearance is very beautiful, price moderate. It also has very good ventilation. Good basic runner, like the fit and feel of the shoe. I also like the Asics Gel technology. This shoe size 10m is somewhat too narrow. After a few months of light to moderate wear, part of the sole started to lift off.
Really never had a pair of Puma before so I wanted to try, probably will be my last pair. The cushioned insoles are extremely soft and the shoe is very light. Looks good though. Bit small at first, but they conform quickly
I purchased these hiking boots for an upcoming trip to New Zealand and Australia, where I plan to do quite a bit of hiking. Both times they were immediately comfortable and did not seem to need a long "break in" period. A bit pricey but well worth it. Great lacing system. Short break in period. Great water resistance. This is a great boot. Size is spot on. I really like the lacing system though the laces tended to untie so I knotted them.
If you have ever owned a pair of Keen's you know the quality of their products, outstanding. A must-have for us every winter. The look and colors are great, however the sizing is off. They are a bit heavy but offer great protection in cold climates. They do run small.
Great comfort and support. Entire chunks of the sole started cleaving off after having had the boots for just over a year and having worn them for less than 30 miles. Entire chunks of the sole started cleaving off after having had the boots for just over a year and having worn them for less than 30 miles. Required minimal break-in time. Feet did not hurt or feel sore at all after a long hike. A bit narrower and shorter. They do fit a little small, so go up a half size or so. This boot is Awesome!
This pair is my new tennis shoe. Avoid this shoe--trust me! These so-called size 11D's are half a size smaller (by actual length measurement) than every other NB size 11D in this and its predecessor lines that I've worn for the past ten years. This style of shoe has been getting more narrow in the toe and shorter with each subsequent model change. Good stability and support. If I have even one minor nit, it is that the heals wear down faster than any other part of the shoe. These are the only tennis shoes I have found that are reasonably (not perfect) comfortable and give me enough support.
Just what I needed for the shower at the gym! I bought a pair of these sandals in aqua color last summer and love them. Well made one piece construction and nice looking sandal. I bought a pair of these sandals in aqua color last summer and love them. They are more of size 9 than 10. Very soft and comfortable. Get a lot of compliments. Little but small so buy a size up!
Excellent boots with a solid feel. Solid boots for work. Excellent boots with a solid feel. Lightweight and comfortable. Plus composite toe are way better than steel toe. Great for the price, so far they are durable. The 15 only comes in a wide I need better insoles I had the same problem as some others.
Very comfortable and stylish! I do a lot of walking in my job and these shoes are terrific. They are as comfortable as a slipper but with a sturdy outdoor sole. They loosen up and get easier to put on. Omg this pair perfect on the first try
Good for hiking, not ideal for running. Im using it for running, very light and comfortable. SIZE DOWN! They also hug my foot and stay in place without having to retie. SIZE DOWN! SIZE DOWN! SIZE DOWN!
Excellent shoes for CrossFit. Not so great for distance running but fine for sprints and the like. They are pretty true to size & give you great support. They are incredibly comfortable, light and yet solid. do NOT recommend for long runs though. Be that as it may, the shoes are great.
I have a wide foot which makes for a difficult time ordering basketball shoes. Good looking shoes. These are great shoes. Fits true to size
This review is for size/fit only. Easy to put on. Waterproof, warm, traction and they’ve worked in Alaska and Wyoming. Keeps the feet dry and warm. Keeps them dry and warm. Kid's feet are always warm and dry. It was somewhat difficult to tell just looking at them but come to find out, they were defective.
Sturdy and attractive. These shoes are adorable. They have a thick rubber sole to provide comfort and stability, and a supple leather upper to withstand everyday use and roughness to the shoe. Though my daughter loved the look and feel of these shoes, after one day of wearing the black dye started coming off....not just on the shoe, but the black dye transferred to her socks! Though my daughter loved the look and feel of these shoes, after one day of wearing the black dye started coming off....not just on the shoe, but the black dye transferred to her socks! Though my daughter loved the look and feel of these shoes, after one day of wearing the black dye started coming off....not just on the shoe, but the black dye transferred to her socks! I bought two pairs, black and brown. Though my daughter loved the look and feel of these shoes, after one day of wearing the black dye started coming off....not just on the shoe, but the black dye transferred to her socks!
The converse I received looked a little different to the picture but they are real leather and they will last a long time. easy to clean with a wipe of a damp cloth. One of the leather shoes was scratched and marked on two separate areas. One of the leather shoes was scratched and marked on two separate areas. it is dark blue. Apart from the first couple of wears, the shoe is comfy and can see it lasting a good while. Oh, and I've had quite a lot of good comments from people which is always nice :-D Apart from the first couple of wears, the shoe is comfy and can see it lasting a good while. One of the leather shoes was scratched and marked on two separate areas. If anything I feel the fit of these is better, as they now have a arch support, which in the past has been my only negative point about them.So converse have improved the support. Good quality of leather,converse are classic!!!!
And such a comfortable shoe. Better support and cushioning than I would have expected from this type of casual shoe. The previous Ryka maryjane athletic shoes had an enormous amount of arch support and comfort, but had lacking velcro attachments. Perfect for summer!. Also great for long work hours on your feet. Better support and cushioning than I would have expected from this type of casual shoe. Better support and cushioning than I would have expected from this type of casual shoe. Comfortable, supportive, cute sneaker alternative to a regular type sneaker. I have a lot of them! I was able to put them on and wear them with no issues. Good shoe for the price point. Loosening the strap doesn’t help. There is some arch support but not enough for me. The arch support I get with this brand of shoe.
That’s it. They are lightweight and cute as can be with my jeans, they don't look klunky. I love them I wear a half size later in the deserts so I knew to buy a half size larger. No arch support whatsoever.
I have trouble finding boots that fit over my calf’s. I use these on rainy days to walk my dog & haven't had any discomfort. Best to wear with the hunter socks. 9 would have been too big. very large in the calf, and chafes if I am not wearing pants
These are the most comfortable and best quality boots I've worn in my 65 years of wearing boots in the field. Boot is overpriced for NuBuck material. Minimal break in time. A little disappointed with the Nu Buck material. Love the boot !!!! I'm a Danner fan. This is my first purchase of the Danner, and I'm glad I did. No break in time!!!! I like the Danner 453 because it fits my foot well and I use it for work (construction). They are definitely a well made boot. Arch support is excellent. So far, it's a sturdy hiking boot. At a premium price. I like the Danner 453 because it fits my foot well and I use it for work (construction). These boots have been my general wear boot for more than 5 years. As always Danner's are AWESOME!!!!!! Purchased them for my boyfriend and he couldn't be happier. He is very happy with the fit and the wear of the boot so far. The Danner 453's were a fit except for being a bit too loose in the heel area and I didn't care for the heavy, clunky feel of them. The only down side to them is Danner can't re sole them. Love the boot !!!! I don't care for them. However, the shoelaces shredded easily against the hooks. I've only had it on a few hikes, but the fit so far feels right.
These boots are great. They look good with jeans and skirts. Great look for this spring and summer. Boots fit great, and are very comfortable . Did not see sock through the holes either. have purchased a second pair in a different color. It is a comfortable boot; and it is also good for warm weather because of leather upper features large perforated detail throughout. Boots fit great, and are very comfortable . Boots fit great, and are very comfortable . Boots fit great, and are very comfortable . The foot bed is lightly cushioned and feels nice, at least it does walking around the house. Boots fit great, and are very comfortable . I ordered the 8.5 but need this in an 8 so I have to send this one back.
These are the holy grail of steel-toed boots. Solid steel toe. true to size and width - would buy again. They are great work boot but they are stylish enough to wear out and around town The ones with sewn on soles are now $300. I work in the trade and look for comfort, safety and a product that lasts.... These would make wonderful boots to just wear as casual wear because of their look and comfort. No arch support though. Needed a break in period. Depending on the condition of your feet, it may be tight.
The Saucony Grid 9000 are big bulky shoes. I was a little thrown off by the design on the top of the shoe (the tongue is sown in on one side) but they're great. I bought an elastic shoe string called Lock Laces to use with the shoes. The Saucony Grid 9000 are big bulky shoes. Well built, I like the shoe. I will recommend to others. The Saucony Grid 9000 are big bulky shoes. These are quite comfy but the sole is a bit noisy as it is a bit rigid. Overall, I want to say these shoes fit great and are incredibly comfortable. The only complaint I have about these is that the synthetic material absorbs dirt very easily, something I don't really care about, but could be a little bit annoying to some. I have a few pair of the Grid 9000's. 2 miles MWF on asphalt and they hold up as well as they did in the Army! The Saucony Grid 9000 are big bulky shoes. I have a few pair of the Grid 9000's. Came fast with the 2 day shipping, as expected. Great value at the price I paid.
poor for people who on the their feet all day. I wear these as my everyday shoes, easy to slip on and off. The Hot Cherry colour is simply delicious! They look like patent leather. Love fitflop brand shoes, but these are awful. Love fitflop brand shoes, but these are awful. Love fitflop brand shoes, but these are awful. Pros: runs wide, comfortable, same cozy footbed that my feet adore.
Beautiful shoes perfect for a wedding. I wanted something with a little bling for the special occasion. There's a small elastic band on the inside of the heel, which made them feel secure walking around and on the dance floor. I wanted something with a little bling for the special occasion. These shoes are beautiful.
I have to wear steel toed boots for work and most of them feel like they are made of concrete but these feel great. Work the s*** out of these and they hold up to the construction industry. Fairly light and a roomy toe. Comfortable and last a long time. Highly recommend getting some thick insoles and throwing out the paper thin ones that come in the boots. Definitely will get another pair when these wear out.
And it was a good price She has small legs so you may want to keep that in mind. They are cute boot that go with every bit of clothing, from pants to dresses. Only in the Gloss black. Finally Hunter boots that give me room in the calf! Haven't taken them off since they arrived!! Haven't taken them off since they arrived!!
Very light and comfortable and attractive ! They are now my go to trail shoe. The shoes fit well and we true to size. Very little sediment gets in the shoes and I was walking in muddy sand! Kind of a letdown for my trip to Hawaii.
Comfortable and good looking. Lightweight with good soles & arch support. very warm and comfortable. True to size. The boot is comfortable. Comfortable and easy on the feet
If you are looking for cold weather snow boots this is a great find. Haven’t used them too much in snow yet but we will see. Fits true to the size. Easy for him to put on and take off. built in! These boots look nice & have a warm lining, only thing is they run a bit on the small side, maybe by half a size.
Rain boots that make you want it to rain! Super cute rain boots!! Very comfortable. Super cute rain boots!! These boots keep my feet warm and dry and I can stomp through all manner of horrors along the trail no problem. The crocs material is well known and very sturdy. Love these, but they are a little tight in the calves, however I do have thick calves
Love Merrell Men's Moab 2 Mid Waterproof Hiking boot. I got the Moab waterproof, not the Gore-Tex. Liked fit for my wide foot. All-in-all, a great boot! The Merrell Moab 2 Mid is well worth every penny. Great traction on slippery surfaces. I do a LOT of hiking. No need to break in. They said that they would take care of the situation. WOWED BY THIS BOOT!! Liked fit for my wide foot. Aside from the pet hair inside the shoes they fit a bit tight. Highly recommended if you want a comfortable boot that will hold up to everyday wear and tear Love Merrell Men's Moab 2 Mid Waterproof Hiking boot. Are NOT waterproof as advertised.
These shoes are great. My second pair of skechers golf shoes. True to size. Very noisy on the greens. Also the price was right.
This hiker boot is amazing! Owned other similar Timberland shoes before with a completely different outcome. Warm and dry and comfortable! I brought these for my ten month old in he loved these boots , wouldn't take them off. I brought these for my ten month old in he loved these boots , wouldn't take them off. I brought these for my ten month old in he loved these boots , wouldn't take them off. They are great but they run small I orderd a size up hope the 13 will fit better .
The new version is just a great as the old ones. I have narrow feet with high arches and these are super comfy! They last a long time and are great for arch support. The soul is very supportive and the toebox is great for wider feet. I am very sad that Mizuno has discontinued this version of their running shoe line.
Sneakers run a little big. Perfect style platform sneaker.. l have a little wider right toe.. but with a little stretch all good Heavy and the heel of the foot sometimes lifts up a bit out of the shoe. Love what they look like and the sole is very comfortable. Washable canvas in a sleek style. Love what they look like and the sole is very comfortable. Love what they look like and the sole is very comfortable. Take a little bit to break in so size up or you’ll get blisters That makes it so uncomfortable when walking. This brand runs large so order a size down.
Thigh high boots that fit perfectly. Worth the money and the price is good! Very comfortable to wear for long period of time. I didn't need these for warmth, just fashion, so no lining works for me. What's not to like! True to size. Great pair of boots!!!!
😔 I expected better from under armour. Love the shoe. The fit is perfect. These shoes run small order at least a 1/2 size bigger. They ran small with the first order, so I order the next 1/2 size up and they fit perfectly.
After reading that these boots run small I ordered one size up and hit the jackpot. Great arch support. But a very comfortable boot that is light and keeps you warm. After reading that these boots run small I ordered one size up and hit the jackpot. Too bad they don't come in half sizes. they run small.
I was looking for a shoe that was close to a zero drop/minimalist shoe to enhance biomechanics in my feet and lower legs and this shoe is giving me everything I'm looking for!!! Great support and traction - I do lots of lunges in the gym. My foot is just too wide and the fit was very snug. Great training shoe, but obviously not for all day wear. The front of the shoes are really narrow. - Performs well for weight lifting and short-mid distance running. I like that she shoes are super light, I hardly notice I'm wearing them. Not a lot of foot support. The shoes are fine. The front of the shoes are really narrow. The only con is that the inside side of the shoe is grey and extremely hideous.
Am very pleased with the Danner Mountain 600 hiking boots. This boot is the great. Pros: Warm Waterproof Strong sole Light Cons: With waterproofing such as goretex it's a little humid in the shoes after a while. When they arrived, the sole's looked clean, but the rest of the boot's look like they have been worn before. Am very pleased with the Danner Mountain 600 hiking boots. I've been able to hike in them with zero break in time. Fine for around town, but not the mountains. And did I mention that they are light?!?!?! Great boots for anything outdoors while being very stylish. I love the look and fit of these. There is no reason at all whatsoever to have a full grain leather upper, glued to a rubber sole, made for running shoes. Can't speak to the longevity of the boots, but for now they fit great and are waterproof. Am very pleased with the Danner Mountain 600 hiking boots. Am very pleased with the Danner Mountain 600 hiking boots. Great boots, light, amazing grip, and as waterproof as you could hope for in a light hiking boot. Have been wearing them for less than a month now. They are not sturdy, offer little support at all, for serious hiking. The only downside is their lack of breathability.
You have to know how to cook with stainless steel. Excellent set of stainless steel cookware. Heats very evenly, and the easy to grip handles stay cool. Great cookware for boiling water. Stove top and oven use. They cook so much faster than our others and more evenly. This set is terrible.
Very powerful for a cordless. Pros: GREAT suction on hard floors. not a reliable product. It also recharges quickly and is easy to see when it's recharged. I bought this vacuum to replace a handheld vacuum. The battery must be charged for three hours.
A great addition to your kitchen! I got that and more. The "stainless steel" top is easily scratched. There are less expensive models out there, but this one has some features that are not available on less expensive models.
Great, inexpensive Panini press that gets the job done. Makes the best sandwiches. It folds up nicely when not in use. I do like the adjustable height lock for sandwiches. It turn on when you plug it in. Plates are not detachable. This panini press is very hard to clean and the temperature cannot be adjusted. There is no on/off switch.
This toothbrush holder is awesome. At first I thought this was going to be way too big for what I was planning to use it for, but I installed it and after just a day or two it's perfect for the space. Not big enough to hold my electric toothbrush. It comes with a sticky adhesive to attach to wall! Plenty of space for toothbrushes and extra storage for toothpaste. At first I thought this was going to be way too big for what I was planning to use it for, but I installed it and after just a day or two it's perfect for the space. I found it more secure than sticking it to the wall. If you are a big fa!ily this is a must have.
All 3 works: microwave, convection and grill. We use this for all our convection and microwave cooking. Very good easy to use and not to hard to use It’s very fast cooking!
Love this stainless steel set. The handle and the lids heat up very quickly though unfortunately on a gas stove oven and can easily burn yourself if not careful. Could not be happier with them! Very impressed with the price point as well. I was sooo excited to get my hammered copper Lagostina cookware set. The cooking surfaces are a pain to clean. Could not be happier with them! However, I cooked in one of my skillet last night and the potatoes stuck so bad to the pan and the copper on the bottom discolored and scratched with this 1st use! I hand wash and hand dry, then store my pots immediately.
Extremely quiet and works great. Having double doors is a big plus. Ordered the stainless steel but received the black one. Runs quietly, cooled down quickly, and so far, the freeze has no sign of 'icing up'. Sits just a few inches above his desk and he has all the space needed for his ice and handle of rum in the freezer and sodas in the refrigerator. The temperature control is consistent.
It is one of the best products I have purchased. Very soft, quiet and high quality. Completely waterproof. Purchased for a bed with a memory foam topper. Slept on just a few nights. These covers are life-saver.
Great table, sturdy and easy to assemble. Very Well Built Table... Looks like the Picture! Good for the price. Hardware to assemble shelves comes in a small plastic bag attached to the shipping box at one corner (inside) via a string and can be overlooked or perhaps lost. Not what it appears: Only the top shelf measures 26" x 15" The other shelves are 25 1/4" wide by 12" deep When you account for the frames, your usable space is 21" x 12". This table is gorgeous.
The Casper king bed is supportive yet soft enough to cradle the body without sinking into the bed. We both love it and recommend this mattress to anybody of any preference. We read several reviews and decided to give Casper a Try. The mattress is also thin and is not the 10 inches or so as described. Probably one of the best mattresses that I have ever bought. The layer of latex memory fome is the star. Which is what I should have done to begin with- buy a cheaper traditional mattress and then a 4 inch memory foam topper for $150. In all fairness part of the warmth problem is because we use a mattress cover that encases the entire mattress. You won't be disappointed! The lack of edge support on the bed leaves 6 inches on each side impossible to use.
That's is really a good deep fryer u will buy.. That line is the capacity of the bottom tank. Love the filtration system for cleaning oil. Everything but the heating element and the stand can go in the dishwasher! Initially, I perceived the frying area to be a bit small, boy was I wrong!
We've had the Breville Panini Press for over a year now and it's a great little appliance. The fact that the trays are not removable has not been an issue because they easily wipe clean. Cord wraps underneath. Even the melted cheese came off. After 30 minutes, the "Ready" light still hadn't come on. The reason for the lower rating, the plates are not removable for cleaning. One note: There is no on/off switch. Temperature control is by observation.
Has plenty of storage space underneath the bed as well. Easy and quick Noise free . I bought this because it was advertised as having a 5 year warranty but the seller refuses to respond. Attached a headboard to it. Love the storage up under the bed. Said holds up to 1500lbs. Currently using with a 6" foam mattress and when you lay down, it does not seep through the slats.
The brew basket has a serious design flaw. This machine makes a cup of coffee in 5 minutes. The thermal carafe keeps coffee warm for a couple of hours. The lids for the water and filter aren't hinged and are clumsy to deal with. You can taste the difference. Nothing special about the coffee, temperature or experience. Lots of steps from preheating carafe, grinding beans, fill with water, assemble carafe fro brewing,..
It really is an IRON despite comments that it works as a steamer. It heats up and cools down quickly. I only use distilled water in it.
Love the locking lid for transportation! Love the timer feature and how it automatically switches to warm when time is up. Love this crockpot, very easy to use and easy to transport to friends This thing cooks too hot. Used it a handful of times.
Great quality and sturdy. this is good for a small office break room if you want a complicated microwave with different power levels, popcorn buttons, vegetable sensors this is not for you. I have purchased 6 of these for a program that uses them everyday for about an hour. This microwave oven will last as its construction is solid. It's big enough for a large dinner plate or medium serving dish and heats food evenly. Did not work properly . This item is used multiple times daily.
The strange looking vacuum head gets around corners and tight places. I really like this vacuum for how compact it is and the shape of the vacuum which is unique (v shape). Easy to maneuver around furniture legs too. Power cord holders are small and flimsy. Even great for picking up cat litter. Every time I use this vacuum I think, "I need to write a review." This vacuum is amazing.
Not for small cherries (5/8” and smaller). Comfortable to use and easy to clean. There is no guard preventing juice from splattering everywhere. It's comfortable in your hand and works perfectly. Still, the quality of the materials used in the making of it seem a little cheap. Latch holds it closed for storage. Does NOT pit olives. It does not take excessive hand strength to operate.
I love how these lifters don't look bulky, so you won't notice them. You can try them. Easy to use, bed is very sturdy on these risers! Just don't buy these risers if you want them to, you know - hold your bed up.
This is a great machine at an affordable price. I really like the sleek design. Uses regular ground coffee, not K-cups, and has a two layers of screen, so no need to buy filters. Use the bold setting for better flavor. This coffee maker does not brew hot enough to make a great cup of coffee.
It holds a lot of rice. it say 20 cups but really 4 cups of cooked rice fills it to the rim. The nonstick inner pot has held up well, we regularly use it to store excess rice directly in the fridge, which then gets used for yummy fried rice the next day. Rice cooked perfectly. What I have cooked so far: white rice, brown rice, steamed broccoli. I haven't tried the delayed timer yet. Very disappointed, writing this review after using this for 3 months, tried different quantity of rice and water, all as recommended, even with reduced quantity. Easy to clean. Patches of wet rice from water dripping back down from moisture build up.
This dustpan comes with a comb on the front. Extends to full size. Broom was awesome at first and now it doesn't lock open. The dustpan is fantastic! Why can't they change the shape of the handle for these types of brooms? I bought one for myself two days prior and I absolutely loved it. This has worked well for me. This set is great.
This is a great mattress pad for the money. Mattress pad is lovely. Perfect fit. Stays in place. Fits beautifully and was pleased that it could be washed in hot water. Way too thin.
The coffee stayed hot. Not good for brewing hot beverages. Love the pouring switch. Other models I've used don't allow lid removal due to height. I had about 30 people in my home and used the Hamilton Beach station for the first time to serve coffee.
great price for a lovely piece of furniture. It came in good shape and it is solid wood. Very easy to assemble. It can hold a 55” TV and you won’t feel like it will crumble on you.
Great big fan that moves plenty of air. One of the best! Sturdy and it looks nice. The air circulates well. Fan head is kind of loosely-goosey when tilted back, but all in all an excellent fan. Also, the base is amazing. I was looking for a loud fan, odd request you may think but I like fan noise when I sleep. It doesn't do anything fancy.
This is a great little dehumidifier for my small camper. Love the dehumidifier, works very well and does the job I expected! Easy to use. Takes about 2 days to even get half full and the auto shutoff makes it worry free. Perfect for small rooms.
These are also much smaller than a standard ice cube tray. Also, the lid that come with them to make it spill resistant does not stay on at all. 3 trays is a must bc the ice is smaller. Soft bottom makes it easy to pop out Not so and they are very small ice cubes when you do get them out.
Use the plastic utensil that comes with it, no metal. This pan is AMAZING!!! Crispy edges, chewy middle. One family-sized box of brownie mix fit just right. This is the perfect brownie baker!!! by volume that is also of crust consistency. High quality product at a great price.
Stainless steel and easy to clean. Made from actual stainless steel, not a coating. Nice size, I can put 2 dozen cookies on this rack to cool. This rack is awesome.
LOVED this kettle! Comes with metallic ring for electric stoves. PROS: - NO plastic parts. I love the look of it. Pro: It does boiled the water. - Handle swivels in a useful way. Pro: It does boiled the water. The excess pressure escapes through the spout of the kettle. Even the lid is glass.
There are extra pieces in case you want to transform the bunk bed into 2 beds. Fit perfectly under my grandchildren's metal tube frame bunk bed. Good clearance from bottom to top bunk for adult to sit. I needed a twin over queen bunk in a modern style, and I believe it does not exist. I needed a twin over queen bunk in a modern style, and I believe it does not exist. Very sturdy.
Now, it won't produce more than about 2 cups at a time. Great all in one machine! Have had absolutely no problems using a variety of K-cups. It is a perfect 2 in 1 machine! The single brew side is the most horrible design ever.
Perfect in every way. It's a dream! Plenty of drying space, I haven't used all of the drawers at once. Dehydrates food very well. Buyer beware that this item is non-returnable. This just arrived today and to my horror the shelves inside are plastic and do not fit in their alloted slots!!!!! Buyer beware that this item is non-returnable.
This portable aircon at 9,000 btu has been absolutely great. This is a fantastic piece of kit. This is an amazing air conditioner!! The exhaust pipe should a) be insulated and b) be longer.
Well made. Easy to clean. Purchased a separate 3/8" tube for around $20. It’s a well built, solid unit with steel gears - not plastic like others. It’s a well built, solid unit with steel gears - not plastic like others. LEM should provide stainless steel tubes instead. It also comes with two C-clamps to secure the stuffer to your surface of choice, so you’re ready to go as soon as you get it! I was using my grinder to stuff my Sausage, but it blends the Meat & Fat together into a Paste. The stuffing cylinder and push plate are easily removed from the unit for easy cleaning. The only feature that would be nice to have is a 2nd gearing for the crank handle..
This product di a great job of restoring my hardwood oak flooring to a like new finish. Just one application too! Worked well! The floors are beautiful. It’s a good product. Hardwood only.
These salt and pepper grinders are great in looks, size and easy to use. Excellent quality! Sturdy, easy to use and make grinding a pleasure. Multiple coarseness settings. Easy to use and are very good quality. The grinding mechanism stop working. The stainless steel looks beautiful and it definitely screams high end. Easy to keep clean. Easy to use.
Great shelves at a good price. Great value for the price Love that it requires no tools! (Feels a little less sturdy if heavy items are put on top shelf.)
This decanter is awesome. I wish I'd bought this the first time. I wish I'd bought this the first time. I wish I'd bought this the first time. It is really large, though-could probably hold a magnum. My only issue would be is pouring the last remaining wine.
We love the memory foam mattress!!!! The 12 inches of foam feels like a totally normal mattress. It does not look cheaply made. It's cool and comfortable. A perfect mattress and two pillows. When I would sit down on the edge of the bed, I would squish it down about half way.
If you need lots of steam this is your iron! Plumes of steam reaching up to the ceiling! A good iron over all. Wonderful iron, makes quick work of ironing clothes, excellent temperature control, would recommend. The illuminated fabric settings are very helpful in determining whether the appropriate temperature has been reached. More steam than any other we have used. The automatic steam capability helps remove all wrinkles effortlessly. Iron is defective.
Having the tracker has saved space and time. LOVE IT! I like this because it holds up to 54 cans. First in first out! Easy to assemble, sturdy plastic. Cans can be seen and know how much of each you have. They will not roll down to the bottom back.
Really, a great set with a great price. Utensils are perfect. The lids have holes for releasing steam. Great selection of high quality pans and lids for the price with an effective non-stick surface. They are easy to clean. If you're looking for a simple/ inexpensive but decent cookware set, go for it! The Cook N Home set holds up to the heat!
Our new Brieftons Spitalizer is easy to use, creates fabulous salad and dinner options that are healthy! Easy to use and variety of slicing options. The storage caddy for the blades is a great addition. This is taking some time to get use to and trial and error. Easy to use. I made beet salad (1 beet, 1 apple, 1 red onion), I spiralized sweet potatoes and onion to roast, I made cucumber salad (1 cucumber, 1 red onion, 1 big tomato) even the tomato was easy to slice. Also the blades aren’t alligned with the moving part which is suppose to hold the vegetable.
I love these insulated glasses. Dishwasher safe. Since they're doubled walled they feel sturdy. They are very lightweight. They are very elegant. Glass has a nipple on the bottom which causes it to wobble. These glasses do not last.
This bamboo butcher block is EXACTLY what I was wanting. Solid, sturdy butcher block. Organic Bamboo cutting boards are lovely. Good looking cutting boards, good enough to use as a serving board. However, I would have expected a better finish on this block.
Very expensive cookware, but if you do a lot of cooking, it's worth the price. Heats fast, heats even, is easy to clean and you don't have to worry about scratching any "non-stick" cooking surface. Thank you for a quality product. The pan is all it is supposed to be and all that the company claims it to be.
I get fitbit e-mail occasionally that makes it clear that data is leaking. The large screen is really nice. Easy to use and read!! Alexa is useless. Maybe they are more compatible with Androids.... LONG battery life. I pre-ordered this item and it arrived to me yesterday. Apparently there are issues with some older devices that are not compatible with the Versa 2. I has a bit of a problem with the first one sent.
This belt is perfect. Easy access to bottle. Very small opening for phone. Key fob fell out on a run. It's just the right size. Nothing moves around during run.
Everyone was jealous of the cross-body strap! Unisex clear bag, made sturdily and can hold quite a bit. stadium approved. Very sturdy and durable. Great bag for game day! Not 12 x 12 x 6. Just wish it had a water bottle sleeve on the outside. Came with both (attached) over-the-shoulder and (removable) cross-body straps. The choice of a shoulder straps was very useful. You can even put a full size NFL ball inside for autographs or four smaller balls which I did. Great bag for game day! Great bag for game day!
If you’re in the market for a big golf umbrella, I suggest buying this. Got the 62" and its works for me. It would be helpful to have a curved or more ergonomic handle. The umbrella is clearly made of cheap material. But very lightweight and big! Drys quickly. Used umbrella 5 times, had it for 3 months. It holds up well in the wind. Hopefully this color choice will deter a co-worker from “borrowing” it. The neck of the umbrella is sturdy.
Really sturdy and well made. Very big and durable. Good quality and easy to assemble. Perfect for my kids age 2-4 and love that it will grow with them! It has grooves so you can adjust the height. Love the height adjustments.
Slept 2 adults and 2 kids very comfortably with a lot of room to spare. We fit a queen size air mattress, and a pack&play for our infant. I fit two queen air mattresses and a large dog kennel in this tent comfortably. Put a 5x7 area rug in the middle. before I purchased the tent I saw a video of it doing a great job in the wind and rain. This 8 man tent is no exception. Set up on the other hand was a mess!
(We fold it in half to help keep the water out, and keep our shoes outside). Fairly easy to pitch, works best with two people. We set this tent up and it was huge. Even though the material is a little too thin to me. Yes, the price is a bargain, but this will not keep you dry during the rain. The screened sides, vent, plus the windows provide excellent ventilation even with the rain fly on. More than spacious enough for 1-3 people! It will keep your dry. Even the floor stayed dry.
Love that it has a stove and a grill. This fairly costly grille doesn't have a built in igniter, or a carry handle. Upon first use of this product using for less than 20 minutes it melted. Upon first use of this product using for less than 20 minutes it melted. Great for camping. Bought the griddle to go with this. Super easy to use and clean. This stove does not have an igniter. The knobs are a bit tight and very touchy.
Has enough positional settings to use for a wide variety of exercises. Does not take up to much space. There is a gap between the pads. This bench adjusts to 6 different positions. This is a TERRIFIC BENCH, but it is missing two useful inclinations: 30 degrees and 60 degrees. Bench is stable but I don’t like the position of the legs as they are right where I would normally put my feet.. just need to get used to it I guess
This is ideal for those who are recovering from knee surgery, etc. cannot fix resistance level. Easy to assemble and easy to use. My only hiccup is that the seat makes a rattle.
Fantastic squat rack for the price. Very durable and steady. Amazon directs me to CAP's customer service page.
The wrist straps help with stability and protection. So do do yourself a favor and get a pair of these you won't regret it! They're thick and made of leather with rubber cushioning. The links between the fingers make them easy to remove. Rubber padding works great, especially when lifting heavy weights. They have 1 year warranty.
Nice small soccer ball for the kids to play with. Great for youth soccer. The soccer ball did not hold air. I purchased the Orange soccer ball (Size 3). It arrived at the indicated date. What else does it need to be.
This thing is comfortable and crystal clear. pros It’s a solid mask won’t break Many lens options Fits tight to face Foam is soft and dries up sweat fast Ready for a GoPro Cons Runs a little small on lower part so if you open your mouth you chin is exposed Overall it’s an amazing mask but if you prefer something a little bigger and wider get the dye i5s pros It’s a solid mask won’t break Many lens options Fits tight to face Foam is soft and dries up sweat fast Ready for a GoPro Cons Runs a little small on lower part so if you open your mouth you chin is exposed Overall it’s an amazing mask but if you prefer something a little bigger and wider get the dye i5s pros It’s a solid mask won’t break Many lens options Fits tight to face Foam is soft and dries up sweat fast Ready for a GoPro Cons Runs a little small on lower part so if you open your mouth you chin is exposed Overall it’s an amazing mask but if you prefer something a little bigger and wider get the dye i5s Pros Doesn’t fog Ear protection Breathable Looks good Cons None Range of vision is vast, and crystal clear. So that anti fog stuff is a load of BS. pros It’s a solid mask won’t break Many lens options Fits tight to face Foam is soft and dries up sweat fast Ready for a GoPro Cons Runs a little small on lower part so if you open your mouth you chin is exposed Overall it’s an amazing mask but if you prefer something a little bigger and wider get the dye i5s They say it's small, and it is true, there is a bit more exposed with the short sides, but comfort and clarity make up for that.
The HR monitor seems pretty accurate (more so than the Fitbit), as well as the step counter. I basically keep track of steps, heart rate and time. Always on hrm screen is convenient compared to competition. Easy to read screen and you get smartphone notifications. Can shower and swim while wearing. I've had 4 Fitbits in the last 3 years. HR isn't as accurate either. I've had 4 Fitbits in the last 3 years.
Great product at a very good price. Lots of fun...its what I wanted and love the fast delivery! Applicable to anything you want to use it for. It displays the actual speed while pulling the trigger and the top speed when released. My husband absolutely loves this speed gun. It's not anywhere near an accurate measuring device.
Sturdy recumbent bike with lots of features that work well. Been riding this for 2 months to help with cardiac rehab. This bike is great except for the adjustiing for shorter people. Love the bike. We are not exercise gurus.
Says they are much more comfortable than previous brands that were supposed to reduce sting. It has some extra padding right where you need it. Feels nice in the hand while batting. My daughter loved these gloves. Received different style gloves and different color. My daughter loved these gloves. Franklin batting gloves work well and have lasted through a very hot and sweaty practice season.
Great electric Go-kart for an 8-12 year old. Handles well on grass and gravel, super zippy. Holds a charge for a very very long time. Rubber tires are great for traction and she rides it in the grass and on the asphalt. It's been broken or finicky most of the time we have had it. My 14 yr old is still small enough (75lbs) to ride too as the max weight is 120. We have never exhausted it and it has enough power to climb significant grades. It's been broken or finicky most of the time we have had it.
Typical Pilates ring! You can work every part of your body. This ring offers the right amount of resistance for the routines I employ. Great addition to my home gym. This ring seems to be sturdy and will serve the purpose for my use.
Love this stand makes cooking over camp fire a lot easier Tripod is a very nice lightweight unit. The chain lowering system allows you to control the warmth by raising and lowering to the fire Perfect for camping and cooking over a fire. Perfect for camping and cooking over a fire. The unit held the cast iron crock pot with no issues. Plus the grill is free hanging so if you are cooking ears of corn be careful so they don't roll off.
They look like nice skates but they don't hold up well. My daughter has wide feet, so the ice skates that we rent pinched and were painful. Size 6 fits shoe size 6 perfectly. Fleece lined is awesome! They work very well for my 4 year old. The fit in the foot was good but the laces are too short to lace all the way up. The skates must be sharpened prior to use. A bit too tight. Good for a beginner skater.
I have tons of high dollar duck calls that you have to work really hard to make sound real. First time using a triple reed call is just as advertised easy to blow and great tone good for all ability callers I can call all types of birds and this call hits the perfect note Durable, easy to blow and always ready. Also great for beginners learning how to call. Awesome duck call!
Great jump rope - nice speed and durability. One of the best speed ropes I have ever used! The screws and ball bearing system really make this a stable and perfectly functioning jump rope. I love the bearings and coated steel cable on these. Great for single unders, double unders, and even triple unders. Love that it comes with 2 ropes ! Easily adjusted. together in a row. Comes with extra rope and carrying bag. Just need a small space in the hotel room and you can get a great sweaty workout.
I like the air fill on both stroke directions. I selected it over other pumps because it has a built-in gauge, so this was disappointing. Terrific customer service. The one issue is that it doesn't connect easily to most places on a bike. I really like the gauge and the pressure release button.
High quality. great reel for the money. all metal body. Drag is strong. Very good reel. It is very comfortable and reels in the line fast . The performance for the price is very good. My primary use for this reel was surfcasting in New Jersey for inshore species, like bluefish and striped bass. I'm able to cast really far.
Great skates for the money, easily adjusted, and fast! The roller blades' wheels are not smooth. She wears a women's size 7. Great quality for the price. If you plan on using the brake, definitely don’t waste your money on this skate. A pain to have return. The outer layer of the skates were poorly made.
But for the price it's hard to complain. Great kettlebell, no complaints- holding up well to plenty of use. I have read the review here and thought the price for this piece of steel was very affordable. The diameter of the handle is a bit larger than others of similar weight.
I have the ML glove and they are great. Love the snug fit, these gloves are tough and very form fitting. Great for surfing. I have the ML glove and they are great. I use them for a little added water resistance while swimming to tone my arms. bought for the bf who said it works excellent with a snug fit once you cut off the tips of each finger and thumb. Tip: to easily remove them when wet, blow into the edge by your wrist and inflate them like a balloon. They are thin so your fingers get cold in cold water, but otherwise they work great. They are hard to put on/take off unless wet.
Piece of garbage. 14 CUP camping coffee ppot! The pot is stout great for boiling or making cowboy coffee with it. Piece of garbage. The best coffee in the world! Easy to pour, don't need to worry about the lid falling off!
This scope has a lot of nice features. With high levels of light the reticle just appears black. Once in the field it zeroed in pretty fast! Shock proof and water proof. The 3 yard field of view is a great feature. Once in the field it zeroed in pretty fast! Highly recommended to all. Can't beat the price.
These are good lacrosse balls that are decently priced. Perfect to have a dozen extra balls. Not sure how these are for actual Lacrosse, but they didn’t stand up to my American Bulldog/Pit Bull/Mastiff mix. Son loves them to use in the backyard to practice. These are perfect for those exercises! They are not only inexpensive but work well for many types of muscle issues.
Best boxing gloves! Great for sparring and hitting bags! Super durable, made of real leather. Great even padding surface as well for training and sparring. Very nice leather plus excellent wrist support. They last a long time even with heavy use. Too tight around front knuckle area of hand in my opinion
Otherwise, I like this bench for the money. Love the preacher curl. My only gripe is doing bench press itself. I like that I can adjust the incline or decline quickly and easily. I give this a 4/5. It makes it hard to use the bench for dumbbell workouts etc.
Each belt with round the clock wear lasts over a year. Lots of cool color options! Its large enough to hold my smart phone and ID. It did not creep up and stayed in place with no bouncing. The waist is adjustable. My iPhone 6 barely fits into the pocket. This was a fake, not an actual Spibelt.
It keeps the water from getting all over my car. The C-shaped handle is super handy for hanging to dry or slip on your wrist for hands free carrying other things. It also stands on its own! I love this umbrella! Great for watching my grandkids' sporting events for shade and UV protection. Handle is comfortable, like that it can hang on my wrist if needed with out falling off. Though not too much to tread on it yet.
Total confidence from the first pull up. Hooked right up to the door. It works well, hand grips are comfortable and is sturdy. Fits around standard door frame easily .. Sturdy, feels safe ..works great and love the different handles to allow for variation of exercises Best part no installation required. Comfortable pull up bar for over the door frame, has multi position choices.
Pretty disappointed in the lack of durability. Great for dodgeball. Bought a set of these for Christmas 2017. Bought a set of these for Christmas 2017. Bought a set of these for Christmas 2017. One issue to watch out for is manufacturers/sellers changing suppliers and the product changing over time.
Good tire for a great price. Though the listing said steel bead, I received a folding tire. They are good tires for trails and pavement. First, Sasquatch pay full price. Good off road traction. A lot sturdier than the one that was previously on the bike.
I highly recommend this product if you are looking for a Wi-Fi scale. My wife and I love the Fitbit Aria Wi-Fi smart scale. Great scale and integrates well with my Fitbit account. It's a lot to pay for a scale but it does everything it promises to do. It works but isn't as "smooth" as some of the other Fitbit products.
These burlap sacks are perfect for storing at least 50 pounds of potatoes. Very durable, and can hold up to many hours of fun!!!! I would purchase again, but not for gardening. I picked up a set of 4 bags to use this memorial day weekend. Perfect fit for kids and adults. (Instant Halloween costumes with a few key cuts...) Will have to air them out before using.
It is a good value. This is a great set of compression socks that fit both men and women. The socks are made of nylon. Loved the choice of colors and patterns as well. I have to adjust them so they aren't too long. They tend to bunch up under my knees and the binding effect hurts after awhile.
Holds zero and clear lens. Good in low light. I would recommend this scope if you want something of quality for an incredible low price! Excellent in low light conditions. For the price, this turned out to be way better than I expected. My buddy has one on his 30-06 and it works well on that firearm as well. Easy to adjust This is a good cheap scope, however; it does seem to fog up fairly easily....which is the reason I replaced my junk tasco scope. Pleasantly surprised on the quality and accuracy with the price point.
I recommend "The Original" Bosu Balance Trainer. It's excellent for balance exercises and gives a great overall workout. Includes a workout DVD. We have not been able to inflate this because the hole that you fill is about 2 mm in diameter and the plug is 7.5 mmm. Great balance trainer.
very happy, good skates, exactly as described, I love them.they are new and the perfect fit, they look good and skate very smooth, the stoppers work really well also. Good fit. These are OK for the price. Impossible to wear! They feel good and let me skate for much longer than I used to on rental skates and without killing my feet. These are OK for the price. These are OK for the price. He liked them for street skating. Great skates for the price. A little tight across the toes but hopefully they’ll break in. These are OK for the price. These are OK for the price. You can make them a pro set by replacing the bearings with a good pair.
They give great support whether you're doing heavy powerlifting or more quick actions. Thick neoprene makes for great support. Good compression and warmth! They fit very snug and secure and give great support. They are kind of big but this is about reducing the risk of injury and you will use primarily during heavy sets for squats or leg presses. Also have a 1 year warranty which many brands do not. Great material, high level of support. The logo does fall/ peel off.
This racket is perfect for me to practice. Lots of power. Only drawback was the grip size. This is the bee and wasp destroyer at our house! The extra length gives this power. This is the bee and wasp destroyer at our house! This is the bee and wasp destroyer at our house! This racket is great!
The kids like the fun tie-dye colors, good fit (doesn't leak), and easy adjustment. The key is the double strap in the back. These were a perfect fit for my 5 year old (with a huge head). Best goggles for kids. Once her hair is wet the straps keep the goggles in place and the back strap doesn't slide down and crush her ears.
Had to google to figure out how to sync - press and hold Play/Pause until flashes between red / blue. Also, no charging cable, if you're like most android phone users you probably have a handful of USB Micro cables around that will work for this. The one with folding brim fit a little tighter, and therefore better. Good sound quality. It's warm and fits snug. Good battery life. Speakers can be slightly repositioned and are completely removable through a small zippered opening so you can wash the hat. Love this beanie, and the customer service! The hat runs small.
This dip station and their wall mounted pull up bar. Easy to install. After 3-4 months, the padded grips are still in great shape. I was doing wide grip pull ups with a 45lb plate hanging plus me who's about 215lbs. Worked great until it gave out on me in the middle of the workout! I really wanted to like this bar.
