Probably won't win any head to head reviews against the other options, but its a great proce and will stream all the typical channels. What more do you need?.
The picture is amazing! The set up was so easy, I did it all from my phone.
Excellent. I’m comparing this to the Bose on ear headphones and this cancels noise better. I’m a frequent flyer and like to disappear during flights. This helps me get into another zone whether it’s listening to electro-house or watching the latest movies while flying. Highly recommend it!
Can't overclock it as much as I'd like. But that probably has more to do with my cooler than the processor, but it is great and just know what you need.
I upgrade from a rebel camera to a 5d and I m so happy of this choise. I was hesitate between the new 6d and 5d but the quantity of focus point is very important for me.
Perfect for on-site work at places where a second monitor is not available. Just fits in backpack; had to remove some unnecessary junk to make room (that's a good thing!)
I have had this tv for about two years and the quality has been bad. The picture brightness starts off well at startup and after about an hour it goes completely dim. I have to shut off the tv and restart it in order to get the brightness back to normal. Whenever I pause any show/ movie the sound goes away. I have to exit the app and restart it any time I pause or fast forward or rewind. A bit frustrating. Will not buy toshiba
This stereo was easy to install and easy to pair with my phone. The microphone works great even over an old diesel engine. This is a good value for the money.
This was an experiment. Works as expected. Could be faster and cheaper.
Haven't had the full chance to go get some really tough shots with it, but the bokeh is super creamy, it manages to add great depth and make your subject really stand out. The detail is unbelievable and the pictures all come out crisp and smooth. I do recommend opening up your aperture more for bigger subjects as the lens could blur out the edges. The stepping motor is very very loud though, but that doesn't really bother me. For the money, this lens is totally worth the investment from hobbyists to pros.
Super comfortable, amazing battery life, excellent sound - very impressed by these.
definitely larger than my cb3 acer but much nicer. the trackpad had some play but i disassembled it and shimmed the mounts so it is solid now.
Netgear won't allow more than 5 cameras per account. That's a joke. product isn't reliable either, out of my 5 current cameras, 1-2 is always off.
Sony is the best! All I have to do plug it in and it is all ready to go with my other Sony devices
Great for the price! Honestly I don't know too much about cameras yet; my intro to photo professor recommended this camera as the most affordable of professional cameras. Pretty user friendly. Takes great photos!
Beautiful clear sound. We do phone conferences, connect it to our TV, and have dance parties. This little thing packs a punch! Very pleased.
Sound great with little boom. I wish it came with little better cable for wired connection.
I really like the fact that this has a 2-foot cable so it can extend to the top of my pc. Data transfer speeds using this hub is indeed super fast. I now have enough usb ports :)
It didn't last at all, I accidentally dropped it from my desk and it just popped open. I easily closed it up but there were pieces moving inside of it when you shake it and when I plugged it up to my Xbox it never appeared so I guess it's great, just don't drop it!
Returned camera - could not perform the simple task of transferring pis to my iPhoto library without out requiring the camera's internet connection
Bought for my son who is learning photography. He loves it!
This stand is amazing for the price. I currently have two and use them to hold my Wireless Razer Thresher and PS Gold Headsets. My only problem is it's not always the easiest to get the headphones back on the stand based on the design. Minor issue and it's not necessarily difficult, it's just not as easy since you have to fit them perfectly around the shape so they don't risk falling off.
Great router and iv'e tried several of them...has YET to give me a problem. Like this brand/model much better than my cisco or link system.
Works better than anticipated The up ports don't match the page tho. Simple fix however, trial and error
I reviewed this scanner favorably shortly after buying it. Two months of use later, I find it even greater. I found today that the TWAIN driver has the sophistication to (reasonably) accurately rotate pages to the correct orientation for reading. Custom Paper sizes can be set and reused for non-standard documents. Its speed and auto-duplexing surpass the professional Fujitsu SCSI scanner it replaced, at 1/8 of what the Fujitsu scanner cost.This scanner continues to impress me.
I was suffering from shoulder issues... I am a Java developer and a weight lifter and my shoulders where getting really cranky i assumed it was from the weight lifting but it turned out to be me using a conventional keyboard... Having very broad shoulders forces you to round them when typing, using the Kinesis i can space my keyboard out and type with less rounding of the shoulders... This is not a knock on the keyboard but its almost useless without the addons that allow you to tilt it up... the keyboard itself sits flat on your desk without it and that is painful to type on...
This case fit all of my Switch items perfectly! I wanted a case that would allow me to take the whole setup to friends houses, and this did the job perfectly! I also loved the little details in the seams being red and white, like my other Nintendo Switch "official" smaller case. Overall, a great case. I would purchase again.
quality for price has been great. keep scrolling if you want technical jargon. It works smoothly in my build.
Received these binoculars and love everything about them, they are lightweight and easy to focus. I bought them for some birdwatching out my office window, (I work from home). They are great, I wanted the get high power and compact and these deliver! These will also be great for back-packing and sporting events, won't even know they are in your bag.
Good stuff it works great and takes you there whenever you don’t have phone signal
I use it for my plants to make sure they get enough light, so far so good, like it
I bought a less expensive Cyber Shot---Sony Cyber-shot DSC-HX30V ---but couldn't get the software to work. The camera itself was great, but I wanted the wireless share feature, and the Playmemories. So I sent it back for a refund. Got this one, same thing happened. So took it to my professional computer tech and he couldn't make it work either. At least I didn't feel so dumb. It's a shame, the camera itself is beautiful! And takes unbelieveable pictures.....if you want to just use it as a camera and connect it to an online photo album service like Picassa. But, again, I wanted the wireless features. I'm going back to Canon. Shouldn't have left it in the first place!
I had to return this item because it had lots of static noise. I asked the company and they recommended me to buy an extended antenna. My friends who I traveled with all had the cheaper version and they worked great without buying an extended antenna.
Drive was used for PS4 expansion storage. Failed roughly after 1.5 years of use for what appears to be no particular reason. Looking around online it would appear that more and more of these complaints are arising, though I can't speak to the volume of drives so it may be a vocal minority. 5 months out of warranty of course.
Great audio, great calls for sound quality. I would love to leave five stars but two things urk me. One they did not include a wall adapter, I had to purchase one separate to charge them (for the amount of money include the darn wall charger) Two is the case after wearing them a court of times the case cannot close right, so the headphones stay connected unless the case is fully closed. Major flaw there.
Does everything my Canon 50D can do and I am able to carry it everywhere with ease. Love this camera.
What like about this TV is that it give everything you can ask for at a great price. What I don't like is that the smartcast sometimes seem sluggish an unresponsive but overall the M558-G1 punches way above its weight.
Love this DSLR Camera. I read the manual every other day its a lot to take it. I am patient guy. Its fun to read and learn new things.
Upgraded from AC 2400. Significantly improved coverage area and speed. Love the control app that lets you monitor performance on your cell phone
Love this bag . great size , very tough bag.
I purchased these T50s and the T30 center speaker for my home entertainment center. I am one happy camper. It's been a long time since I've heard such beautiful, full sounds. I purchased the Yamaha RX-481 A/V receiver to go with the speakers and have Alexa connected. Such fun to be able to hear music as it should be!
I’ve had this laptop for several months now and haven’t had a single problem. It’s slim, lightweight and fast. The battery life is probably around 4 hours. Some people Complained about the fan. It does turn on occasionally but has never been excessively loud or problematic in any way. Very good deal for the price.
I bought this to run a TV, PS4, and a few other media devices in my basement. The app works just fine - Alexa support is good. My kids are the primary people using the devices in the basement. They have a bad habit of not turning devices off. I can now remotely turn the devices off from my bedroom. I can also kill the power if they are being cut off from devices. Thumbs up!
I bought this tv for my son.If he is happy , then I am happy. It has a lovely picture.
Just set it up and so far, so good. Much faster than my two-yr-old Dell. My only complaint is the lack of an indicating light to show hard drive read/write activity
We don't print a ton - but have had to replace the ink multiple times, and its not exactly cheap!
This was a GREAT drive for as long as I had it. Very slim and took up very little room. My apartment was broken into and it was stolen only a week after owning it, but for that 1 WEEK IT WAS GREAT!
This was not easy to install - I had to be on tech support with xfinity for a total of 8 hours. The WiFi only works within a radius of maybe a yard / 1 meter and any further it drops significantly. Once I’m about 10 feet from it, the 2G signal is so bad on my phone I have to resort to 4G. I thought purchasing this item would be more efficient than purchasing the modem and router separately but sadly I was mistaken. Do not purchase this product.
Paired with my phone easily and works excellently. No issues with battery life so far.
Great match with small PSB’s. Sound is deep and rich without being overbearing. Outstanding value.
They seem like great sturdy boots but even with my wide feet, I felt like my normal size was too big. I decided to return them and not try a half size down because I am pretty sure they'd then be too tight on my toes.
I like this shoes , since I was kid. I used them and now I buy it again , love it. Thanks
Absolutely the most comfortable shoe I have ever bought. Also, looks very nice with anything. I love these!
So far so good been wearing them for a week comfortable no complaints Price very good
They are not authentic. No ugg label just in a ugg box. Will be returning and getting a refund Fake knock off fake....
I have never met a Clark shoe I haven't liked! And they all fit true to size!
I was looking online for prices on uggs & emus when I saw the special one day price of 49.99 for the emu high stinger. I couldn't hardly believe the price & bought them. They came today, they're great, in the emu box - insoles come out, the real thing. I love them! What a great purchase & a great price - plus the free shipping.
Great feeling shoe. Could wear them all day right out of the box!
A very attractive shoe that fits extremely well and is very comfortable.
Omg my new favorite heels. These are beautiful & so comfortable!!! Now I want more colors!
These Asics were delivered on time and fit very comfortably. Great shoe.
The shoes are simply amazing. Sometimes you do not even feel you wear them. They are that comfortable. Amazing product for running or simply walking or even going to the gym. Well designed and they look even more amazing in person.
I decided to try this brand since I've never heard of them but read a great review by professional hiker. They fit as expected, I'm a 12 and they have room for thicker socks, like in cold weather. Still breaking them in, I have a long hike planned in June so we will see how they do on hike. I'll update my review after.
love these boots. easy to put on and off, keeps dry, warm, and comfortable. cute and very durable.
Really nice boots, but I'm concerned about the toe box. I ordered the wides and my toes are a little squished. I hope this doesn't end up in blisters on my next big hike. They look great though, I hope they're durable in the long run.
The only tennis shoe I can wear, they are the only shoe that has a wide width.
Fit perfectly, and very comfortable. No hard edges or pinching when you walk. Would buy again.
They seem to be good quality and waterproof. Time will tell if they are really water durable.
Fits perfect - ordered 1/2 size larger to accommodate boot socks. Keeps feet warm and dry!
I bought these shoes to use for cross-training workouts and walking. So far, I love them! The fabric portion of the shoe makes for comfortable flexibility. While the stripes' harder plastic material provides nice support. I would definitely buy these shoes again.
My Reebok Nano's fit as expected and I really like them. They feel solid especially when lifting or box jumping. They are a little wider in the toe box then my Innovates. I am also going to look into the Reebok trainer shoes, I hear the toe box is even wider. Great shoe, fun colors -
These are cut small I had to return and reorder these in a larger size and I loved them so much. Super comfortable, great for my MS pain.
Excellent boot that keeps my kids feet warm and dry!!! The only brand of boots we’ve ever purchased for our kids. They last multiple seasons and can be passed down to younger children.
I purchased these shoes particularly because I thought they'd be sturdy enough for my 8 yr old who wears shoes out easily!! !Shoes looked perfect in the beginning but just a few months later, they have lost color and shape. Don't know if it's the shoe or my child's hard foot!! Need to find another pair.
Bought for my mrs to replace an older pair she has worn out to the point of being unconfortable. Leather stays cleaner longer than canvas and dry too. Very nice
Most comfortable work shoes, on my feet up to 7 hours a day.
These shoes are so comfortable! I sprayed them with a silicone suede protector spray, and they've weathered (heh) the rainiest of Manhattan days without issue, though on certain sidewalk surfaces, they can be quite slippery when wet. Sizing: I took a 10, which is my normal size, and when they first got here, it was a little tight in height around my arches, but they've since loosened, and I'm regretting not sizing down to a 9.5 (or even a 9!) because there's at least an inch of extra length in the combined toe and heel areas.
Comfortable and oh so cute! My husband and (youngest) son call them Barbie Boots but they make me smile.
These boots are worth every penny...except they tend to run somewhat small & narrow,might I suggest you go one size larger than you'd normally wear.Even though there made in China... it's still one heck of a boot.The quality is spot on.
Love these boots! Just wore them for the first time today. Their are attractive, stylish and very comfortable. They look better in person. I did order a half size larger. I wear size 9 shoes so i ordered size 9.5 U.S. Hopefully they hold up over time.
My son found these boots very comfortable! He needs support. The metal toe was a plus for him. He has worn size 11 for years. This pair was snug. Hoping they will stretch.
I wear orthodics, so my arch support will be good, regardless of the shoes I wear. Overall, it fits as expected.
I love FitFlops and this is another type of shoe from them. I've got sandals, boots, flats and now a clog. They are really comfortable. You can walk all day in them and you still have a spring in your step.
This is a great product. I will buy again. The height is great, very comfortable.
Bought these for my husband whom is in commercial roofing. We are constantly going through boots, but these have been his favorite and will be our future replacement purchase when these are put out to pasture.
To add to my earlier review....I was able to fix the gusset and the boots are awesome. Love them. I have 16.5 calf...these slid right on.
I bought for walking around near water, rocks. Toes roomier than previous pair. There is some strange piece of plastic/glue that I need to get rid of on one foot. I'm wearing socks until I figure it out.
I am usually size 9 US, but in this case it feels like 9.5 US, so i had vcd to return for exchange but not decided as of yet. Solid durable shoes.
Really cute, nice fit, but zero ability to feet from getting soaked. An hour of walking around in the snow and you could ring my daughter's socks out. Completely worthless for the snow.
I love these rain boots, a little stiff at first but they need to be worn in, really comfortable & warm, received alot of compliments on the different color :)
Full disclosure: I have yet to actually "hike" in these shoes, but I have worn them around at work and just going about. They are extremely comfortable; more so than any other shoe I've ever worn.
Looking forward to my first round with them. They seem to be constructed very well.
these boots fit my son perfectly! and they was shipped out and delivered to me fast! they are made very well and will last my son for a long time!
Have worn Wave Riders for probably 12 years. This model 22 is not good. The white Mizuno roadrunner logo on outer shoe is way too stiff. I think what has happened is the logo is slightly more toward the toe box and therefore hits my foot at the outer little toe. Will have to return them. Way too much blister potential. Plus it actually hurts! Not comfortable at all. Sadness.
Size down one or two sizes then break them in and you’ll love them!
These are very cute boots can't wait to wear. My legs are very muscular and these were able to fit fine.
my son is on his feet all day, and it gets hot. The sole is great and the mesh type upper is great, he loves these shoes
You have to go up a 1/2 size. I wear a 9.5 and ordered a 10. Fit perfect!
Great minimalist shoe, I have narrow feet so the fit is good. I ordered a 1/2 size larger based on previous reviews. This shoe has very little arch support however it works very well in the gym, and on the soccer field. Decent build quality, I've been wearing them for about 3 months and am very happy with the purchase.
Very nice pick and value for money, it’s really a good deal
This is a user friendly item and makes a fledging chef feel like a pro. Quality is excellant as expected from this brand and Amazon makes it affordable.
Powerful little machine. Does the job for a quick clean up. Use it for our summer house.
This is a great multi-purpose grill. Panni's, vegetables, pancakes, steaks and other meats cook up great on it. Cleanup is quick with the removable plates, and a quick wipe down of the rest of the unit should take care of any splatters. The biggest "problem" I have is cooking steaks and other meats, as they cook very quickly on this grill. Less than a minute can be the difference between rare and way over done.
We needed a simple well built and inexpensive Panini Press. This checked all the boxes. For the money it is a good buy! We enjoy using it to make pressed hot sandwiches. I even use it to make a quick grilled cheese or quesadilla by not pressing down to much.
LOVE this! It's perfect do us. Saves counter space and holds a good amount of stuff. However, be careful how much you put in. Ours crashed down in the middle of the night. It's now being reinforced by duct tape!
My son Loves it!!! A grill on the inside on cold winter nights! Perfect!! !
Looked at this at Macy's first. Order thru Amazon. As expected. Wife wanted to register. Registration is a bit confusing (Serial Number, Model number, not clear where to find}.
This fridge was badly needed by an elderly relative and was delivered directly to their house. Upon arrival, it was very, very clear the box had been opened previously and a huge amount of clear packing tape held things together. And the tape had yellowed meaning it probably sat in storage for quite some time. Unpacking the supposed new unit revealed some cosmetic damage. It had been dropped at some point. Whether it happened in transit or not, the fridge was poorly repacked and probably a return. I can’t say much more than it worked when I plugged it in. If it wasn’t needed so badly, I would have returned it.
This is a very good mattress cover. We bought it to protect an expensive pillow top mattress. We've washed it twice and it dries very quickly. It doesn't make any noise when you move around on it, and it does seem to keep liquids from getting thru to the mattress. Nice product!
I looked all over for this type of self. There was a certain brand ‘Home’ something, can’t remember who makes them,buy higher priced. I found that brand on Amazon and Jet-cheaper there. However, I found this brand and same concept and quality...cheaper. I bought two and it took 30 minutes for both-easy. I would buy again.
Super comfortable bed! I was a bit skeptical at first of all these "mattress in a box" options and didn't know how to pick one over another (wisely). While Casper is pricier than its competitors, I'm happy with my decision and believe it's in the quality and comfort of the product. I do admit that I was a bit sore/experiencing discomfort the first week or so, until my body adjusted. Would definitely recommend this to others!
The T-Fail fryer lasted about 8 months. I am a single person who did not use it much, but did so regularly. Several dinners of chicken wings and quite a few french fry sides. The oil leaks out of the tank continuously how and I can't use the fryer. Now I'm in the market for a new fryer, to replace this one. I don't plan to get another T-Fail. I gave it 2 stars, because it was nice while it lasted. Great ideas, horrible execution.
It smells of burnt plastic and i am unsatisfied with the paninis I have made.... My family likes it though, so, redeeming quality :)
Product is sturdy. Lots of underbid storage. Putting it together wasn't too difficult once you sort out the pieces.
Returned. I didn't read close enough when I ordered to realize that a $310 machine does not turn itself off after brewing. Plus there is not a timer so I can have coffee waiting when I awake. The manual says the water loses it's oxygen and makes the coffee taste poorly and it only takes 6 minutes. I invite the engineers to come spend those 6 minutes with me each morning. I think a redesign would only be 5 minutes away. ;-) I can pour water that is 200 degrees through a cone filter into a heated carafe myself. I just don't want to do that first thing every morning.
Love this little iron. I am using it more than I thought I would. Gets hot quickly and fits in my hand without cramping after hours of sewing.
Absolutely love this product best thing I've ever bought. The times makes dinner planning a breeze. Love the locks on the lid for transporting food. I've bought this for everyone in my family and recommend it to everyone I know. Love love love this!!! !
I bought this little microwave because it fit perfectly in the space allotted. It's big enough for a large dinner plate or medium serving dish and heats food evenly. It has good functionality and is easy to use. I'm very satisfied with this purchase!
OMG!!! I did NOT expect much from this little guy!! I have 3 DOGS! THREE!!! Dog hair drives me nuts and it's shedding season ahhhhh!!! To make matters worse, they shed at different times. Geez. This lil sucker is super lightweight and picked up every last hair! Even the hair on the arms of the couch! LOVE THIS THING!! !
Okay, OXO did it again! First of all a little caveat. I'm a retired chef who teaches culinary arts to high school level students at a Technical Skills Center. Second, I have a wife who has severe rheumatoid arthritis. I bought this primarily for her but know if/when needed, I'm taking this to work because it is so comfortable to use. I have been a converted OXO user for many years now. Many of the smaller tools in my life bag are OXO brand. I've also stocked several restaurants I have had a hand in opening with OXO tools, they work as advertised!
What I needed, packaged in a recyclable box and arrived promptly. They appear to be quite strong.
I've had this coffee maker for several years now. It's perfect for me as I'm the coffee drinker in my household so brewing a 6 cup pot of coffee doesn't make sense. Also, there is no environmentally-unfriendly waste that the k-cup brewers have. It brews the perfect, single cup of coffee to start my day. If I desire tea, it comes with a separate strainer that you can add your tea leaves into to brew a single cup of tea. It's also aesthetically pleasing on my kitchen counter with its brushed steel finish. If this broke down now, I would immediately have to buy another identical one as I wouldn't know how to survive without it.
This was more than I expected. While it is big I was able to get rid of three other appliances because it did all of their functions. I do get some burning of the rice on the bottom but it did not affect the taste and everything else was perfect. I ordered the cook book - learned a lot and found some great recipes.
When all else fails it's better than ever. Mostly because my dog leaves lots of stuffing all over the place. It works on carpeting.
Nice; fits my queen size pillow top mattress perfectly. It's not too thick and not too thin on top. I washed it the minute I got it with no problems. Beware: read the washing instructions, this has to be washed on a gentle cycle. Bearing this in mind it should last a long time.
Very good coffee maker , coffee stayed hot &very easy to clean
I received this in so-so condition. The packaging was not designed to protect the table during shipping. When I got it, it had tears in the cardboard and once I got it out, there were scratches on two different parts of it that laid right under the tears (box was huge). I ended up deciding it wasn't worth trying to repackage it and send it back, so I have a new hall table with scratches in it. It's sturdy and easy to put together, but they really need to rethink the packaging.
I just got 2 of these fans, used once and one already broken. I tried to adjust the height and the piece used to release the bar just split in half while I was turning it. It's made of plastic not metal! Why? Awful. The head piece ended up falling on my arms. I'm actually trying to tape or glue together because I need a fan. Ugh! Don't buy! I want my money back!! !
Works great, gets the job done. Small and compact, can put it almost anywhere. High humidity places you will probably have to replace it every day or every other day.
these are a break from the usual twisting and turning of a plastic tray. I'm not sure what the benefits are over any BPA free plastic tray because you must invest more time and energy to release the ice cubes from their pockets. popping them upwards can be difficult sometimes and definitely takes more time than twisting a plastic tray.
Bought this as a gift for my mom she liked it.
The baking rack arrived quickly. It fits my baking sheet perfectly. Last night's baked pork chops turned out perfect. Cleanup was easy (although I did spray a little olive oil on the rack before I used it). It is exactly what I wanted: stainless steel, well-made, oven-safe.
Even though it may be a little small it is perfect for four cups of tea. Looks great and heats up fast on my flat top electric range. It is hard to find a range top glass tea pot and this one was just what I was looking for.
Excellent product for the money. Our 3rd bedroom is tiny and this was an answer for our teenager! Now he sits at his desk under the bed and has plenty of room to talk with friends and family. (He's 6'2" by the way.) The bed is extremely stout and secure. I would order it again for sure!
Love having the options of full pot or cups. Without taking up room on the counter because it slender. Love the features. It beeps when the coffee is finished brewing and when the warming cycle ends. It’s tricky/challenging to pour the water. It’s splattered quite a bit using the K cups, but I fix that By swapping out the cup holder from my old Keurig... Little or no splatter now. It’s very well-made. Only negative is that it’s was a little pricey.
This is my first dehydrator so I dont have anything for comparison. This is obviously a well built device. I have used it constantly since I got it and have not had any problems.
This product arrived today without the window slider A and B.The box the air conditioner was in was soaked through, ripped and smelt disgusting. The address label was stuck to the bottom of the box so the product was delivered upside down.
Great for the home sausage maker. Works great and easy to clean.
Product works as stated but has to be applied all at once if floors continue at all otherwise it will leave streaks. If you have a lot of hard wood you will need a few bottles.
I love these. They are tough. I would get them again but I think they will last foreveer. I like that I can adjust the grind settings. Well worth it. Do your self a favor and try them.
Easy to topple, had to secure it to another shelving unit to keep it from falling. Very lite weight, easy to put together. It’s great for small nicknacks. I had got it to hold small plants in my very small apartment. Poor materials.
a GREAT decanter for the money...the lip combined with the large size makes a dripless pour impossible, but this is a very small problem compared to the overall value of this decanter. looks awesome, and quickly opens up wine.
So far so good. We have been sleeping on this for a week now and we are more rested with less back pain. Our old RV mattress was an innerspring and we had never owned a memory foam. My husband and I are both loving this mattress! So far our only complaint is we don't want to get out of bed :)
got this for my wife as our old iron died (also a rowenta). she quilts and sews a lot so uses an iron almost daily. bought this one due to the good reviews. so far she is very happy, and said it has some nice features her old rowenta didn't have. she's happy. i'm happy.
Works well for small and medium sized cans. I wanted to order additional parts, but the website on the product was hacked to a Russian site. If I am able to get dowels to allow this to accept large cans (Progresso, Campbells Chunky), then it's a 5 rating. On an odd note, an AirHead candy was included. Were they trying to say something?
Quality cookware. The turner did melt a little, but I shaved down the front and it still works fine. I have no complains on the cookware though, it's great!
I cannot begin to sing this gadgets praises! I love every attachment and have been using this regularly for a few months now. No issues with suction either - sticks to my solid surface like super glue. This is by far the best spiralizer I have ever purchased and is a great value!
My wife loved these and she is tough to please.
I put it to use tonight. Couldn't be happier. Don't have to worry about hurting it. Thanks.
Love everything about it. This was my first All-Clad purchase - and I'll be buying more All-Clad pieces soon! Such great heavy-duty quality. A work of art!
I bought this to help me improve my health and track my steps. I am so impressed with the versa 2. I can also track my sleep patterns...which is very helpful to me.
I'm a diabetic so I stuff this belt full of snacks when I go running... along with my phone and keys, and everything fits great and nothing falls out! My ONLY suggestion is to get a larger size if you're planning on putting a lot of stuff in your belt like I do. It's common sense that the more stuff you pack in there, the tighter it's going to fit around your waist.
I used this when I went to New York for NYE. I was able to fit many things in it. It was sturdy enough to hold all the items. The straps where the only thing that was uncomfortable due to the weight however it was worth it because I really needed it to carry as many items as possible. Overall I was happy with my purchase.
There was a storm the day I received this umbrella and was glad that I could use and test it. Results were amazing, the large canopy kept me sheltered event with strong rains and the umbrella never buckled due to the strong winds. I am glad I got this product!
This is a great basketball set. It is sturdy and easy to put together. Our kids love it. It has held up well so far. The ball that comes with it isn’t that great.
I bought this tent in 2016 and have used it 4 times since then. Last year I noticed water dripping into the tent at a single point through the rain fly. This year there were multiple leaks in the rain fly, and the sides of the tent began letting water in as well. It’s now in the trash.
So far so good! Used it two or three times over the summer and loved it. It’s very spacious for 2 people in the 4 person tent. I’m 5 foot tall and I can stand up in the center. It rained and we did not get wet. We did put a tarp under the tent and sprayed it with waterproof spray just to be safe. Easy to assemble but I recommend taking a video the first time you open it to make sure you fold it up the same way. It does have a strip to tear out and expand the bag if needed.
I purchased this grill/stove last year but I didn't get to use it until this past weekend. I am not sure what kind of material this is made of but the grill melted. It looked like plastic melted. I am so disappointed as I have used other Coleman products and they are great quality but this one is questionable.
As many other reviewers have stated, the gap between the seat and the back rest is a bit of a pain when you are in a decline position. Also as others have stated the wheels to move it around are almost useless, unless you have the bench almost vertical. But besides those two cons, I would still recommend this unit to anyone that is looking for a home gym. For me this unit completes my needs for being able to do shoulder press, curls, incline bench, flat bench, decline bench, and crunches. The weight of the unit makes it easy enough to move around, even if the wheels are not perfect.
Was so excited to give this as a Christmas gift for my hubby. After 2 months of use (2-3x/week) the console does not work. Very disappointing.
Good value for the money. No regreats here. Does what it needs to do. A little squeaky /creaky on pullups every now and then.
I bought these for my boyfriend and he has worked out for over 40 years. He says these are the best lifting gloves he has ever had.
My sons loves their new soccer ball they bring it to every practice. My kids loves their new ball.
Got the Dirty Bird and it is AMAZING!!! I play speedsoft and it never fogs up and is very low profile so it doesn't get in the way of my sights when aiming. Super light and the field of vision is phenomenal. A little expensive, but beats having to leave a game just to wipe fog from your lenses. Not to mention all the compliments i get on it. Super aggressive look to it. Definitely recommend
The directions were not all clear about pairing with a smartphone and Yes, I had to get a millennial to help.
I purchased this radar gun because my 9yr old son said I pitched slow. ... He was right! Works good and consistent. Good product for the price. I'm happy with it.
The only thing this bike lacks is a short video to show the proper use of the computer. Still, I love it.
Great batting gloves that provide extra protection to palms and fingers. Extremely durable and very comfortable.
This product has so far been great for my 6 year old. Although I can't seem to keep my 12 year old off of it either. It does not go too fast for those of you concerned but does go faster than the power wheel.
The quality is good. I love that it comes in a color I want! I like that the size is portable and I can store it behind a desk out of sight.
Hopefully this one will last longer than my original one I had from Walmart. Time will tell, but so far liking the tripod.
These skates are very comfortable and fit well. I am a women's size 5 shoe size and got the size 4 in these and they fit perfectly. I have a very narrow foot though so if you have a wider foot I would go with your regular shoe size in these. Those of you that said these run 2 sizes small are not correct. The reason your child who wears size 3 shoe would need a 5 in these is because womens size 5 is a kids size 3! These are womens sizes not kids so you have to convert the kids size to womens. A great skate for a casual skater.
This is by far my favorite call on my lanyard! sounds amazing, easy to blow, and is completely functional when wet. Great call!
I used to have a Rogue SR-1, but my gym bag was stolen from my car, and I figured with all the positive reviews and how much cheaper this rope is, I would give this a shot. It's heavier. MUCH heavier. I'd say that 30 DU's with this rope is about the equivalent of 40 with the SR-1. Not bad if you're trying to give yourself a challenge, but you're not going to be able to keep up with the guys who have the more expensive ropes. Props for how easy it is to adjust though - much better than the tiny screws that come with the Rogue ropes.
Got the pump on time. Good packaging. I like the small size and quality components. Used it to inflate a soccer ball. It worked well.
This is my favorite reel. Plan to use for years to come.
These left bruises on my feet after one use. I wear a size 6/12 women’s. I got the extra large. The adjustable feature is awesome if they are comfortable for you. I gifted them to a friend who wears a size 8 and has very narrow feet-they are comfortable for her. I went with $80 k2 brand from play it again sports and they are 10x more comfortable. My husband got a pair of k2s as well.
i pick heavy stuff up and put it down. i grow stronger.. NOW GET TO THE CHOPPPER
I thought these looked pretty cool and I enjoy swimming so I thought I'd give them a try. If you go to their website first, they have printouts that you can use to find the right size. These are pretty hard to get on when you're hands are dry so I'd recommend putting them on once you get into the water. Once they're on though you definitely feel like you're able to move more water and thereby swim faster! The quality of the gloves is good and the material seems sturdy.
I loved the coffee pot until the glass top broke while brewing a pot of coffee. Of course, it's beyond the return period. Very disappointed that it only lasted a few months.
Could not hold a zero. Used a vice to hold the weapon and POI would move around between 3-8 inches. Parallax adjustment would move on its own while shooting and after about 10 rounds it would move from infinity to about 25 yds. Returning it after wasting about 300 rounds.
Standard lacrosse ball. I use them for dog fetching. Hold up well!
After 3 years of Muay Thai and going through a few different brands, I will not be buying anything other than Fairtex for gloves. Basically my whole gym agrees.
For people under 5' 10" ONLY. Quality ... for the money.
I bought this belt roughly 1 month ago. Needless to say after all of the research and reviews, I don't regret this purchase. I've had 2 other failed belts that crapped out on me after 2-3 uses. I'm an avid runner;running an average of 4.5 miles 4x per week and this belt is comfortable and keeps everything intact. I highly recommend this belt for anyone.
It's a great umbrella, love not getting my car all wet when I get inside of rain storm it's so easy
Love this. It is perfect for me. Well made. Nice soft hand grip, makes it easier to use for more reps..
This seemed like a sturdy, well-built ball. It lasted for only a couple uses before it began to leak air and go flat constantly. I'm bummed because the reviews seemed so good! My kids weren't very hard on the ball, and it hardly got any use before it became useless.
I ordered two but had to trade one back in due to what appeared to be a defect in manufacture--two broken sidewall ribs. The Amazon trade in process is painless and easy. The new tire sent to me as a replacement was fine. Nowhere on the packaging is there any mention of Kevlar being used as the reinforcement for the tire, but the packaging does say that the tire is layered for reinforcement. In any case, I am happy with my new tires.
So far I'm really enjoying the scale. It was difficult to swallow spending so much on one, but so far I'm enjoying the data that comes from it and it's keeping me engaged. It was super easy to setup too.
Lots a dirt on the carpet. Used for sack races but they are nice and the dirt really didn’t bother me at all.
The socks are nice enough if you’re just looking for knee-high socks for tall people. But I was looking for compression stockings for short people, and these socks do not have enough compression to even feel and they’re a bit too long for me (I’m 5’3”). So they might be fine for you,?depending on what you’re looking for but they weren’t fine for me.
Scope was shipped fast. Great scope for the money,really clear, sighted in rife great crystal clear lenses, able to clear for eye easily.would buy again if needed. Gave it 5 stars.
I've always wanted to own my own bosu ball after using them at gyms over the years. Now i have my own, easy to Intlnflate and set up.
My 10 year old loves them. Had to get him a toe guard and I will be replacing the stoppers
These work great. My knees were very sore after starting crossfit, and now these sleeves relieve a lot of the stress on my knees during a workout. The size guide worked well for me. For the price, the ruggedness and and quality seem pretty good. Also, they do not smell after several workouts, and are easily washable.
Great racquet for this price. I have used it twice so far and it feels very comfortable and light. Perfect for restarting an old hobby.
My daughter love her new goggles. Cool design. Fits great. Quality materials. Should last a long time.
My 20 year old nephew loved the hat so much that I ordered 2 more for my son-in-laws!
Very solid pullup bar. It doesn't move at all when I'm using it. I bolted it directly to the studs in our unfinished basement without any problem.
