Powered by TV so you can use it anywhere. Can be controlled through the Roku app. Good WiFi connectivity with an HDMI port that provides extra options. Easy, fast setup and good selection of streaming stations. Has to be physically attached to the TV. Some units unpredictably drop WiFi	The Express delivers everything good about Roku for a rock-bottom price, but it's worth spending a bit extra on a faster streamer. The Roku Express is cheap, easy to use and loaded with streaming apps. It's slower, especially with Netflix, than alternatives that cost just a few bucks more	The Express is Roku's least expensive media streamer yet, though its low price comes at the cost of performance. But for $30, it's pretty impressive. Inexpensive. Lots of streaming media services and apps thanks to the Roku Channel Store. Private listening with the Roku app. Choppy, sluggish menu navigation. Infrared remote requires line of sight
A close contender for our top selection; a good choice if you want a smart Samsung TV with QLED viewing. Generous 65-inch screen is satisfying for even avid TV enthusiasts. 4K resolution with QLED technology equal an amazing viewing experience with lifelike image quality. TV is easy to set up, and remote is easy to use. Slim build. Interface is somewhat complicated to navigate. Price is higher but not out of line considering the amazing colors and contrasts	Excellent 4K image quality in a model that gives you four different size options, all at a great price. Very helpful smart capabilities simplify operation. Includes Ambient Mode, so you can personalize the screen when you're not watching TV. Screen sizes available between 55 and 82 inches. Extremely high level of contrast for true black display. Helpful cable organizer. You may need to run firmware upgrades to make the most of the smart options	This flat UltraHD model packs a few extras like a voice-activated search and art displays. High dynamic range makes darks darker and bright colors brighter. Ambient Mode allows you to display art, push data such as weather or sports scores, or play music in the background. Multiple HDMI inputs. Interface has annoying extras such as Samsung TV and movie content, ads, and apps
These headphones are your best option if you're looking for noise-cancelling earbuds, but they are pricey. Noise-cancelling earbuds. Available in black or white. Stay Hear tips keep earbuds in your ears while maximizing comfort. Impressive sound quality. Carrying case included. These are expensive for earbuds, so you should only buy them if you're going to use them often	Despite some downsides, including a high price, the Bose QuietComfort 20 offers the best noise-canceling in an in-ear headphone and should tempt frequent travelers looking for a more compact alternative to a full-size NC headphone, such as the Bose QuietComfort 15. The Bose QuietComfort 20 and 20i are compact in-ear headphones that sound good, are very comfortable to wear, and offer surprisingly impressive noise cancellation. The noise cancellation is powered by an integrated rechargeable lithium battery that delivers up to 16 hours of battery life. Expensive. they don't sound as good as many competing in-ear headphones in this price range. rechargeable battery isn't replaceable	The Bose QuietComfort 20 is a giant leap forward for noise cancellation earphones, and easily the most effective pair we have tested thus far. The best noise cancellation circuitry on the market. Rich bass response and crisp highs. Comfortable, secure fit. Works in passive mode. Sound signature is very sculpted, and not for purists. Light on accessories like extra eartips
An amazing Intel processor that's ideal for playing video games and streaming HD videos. Seamlessly play video streams in ultra high-definition (UHD). Empowers you with up to 12-way multitasking support. Features Intel Turbo Boost technology for fast, efficient performance. Boasts graphics dynamic frequency up to 1,200 MHz. Includes 2 memory channels. Code error sometimes occurs, reducing processor's speed. More expensive than similar Intel processors	The best computer processor for a noticeable all-around speed and performance boost. Maximum 4.7 gigahertz speed offers plenty of performance for gaming and computer graphics programs. Two memory channels. Features Intel Turbo Boost Technology 2.0. Compatible with many modern motherboards. Processor requires extra cooling to prevent overheating	Expensive CPU, but it's designed to deliver maximum performance levels for high-end computing needs. Six-core processor that can run at up to 4.7GHz when in turbo mode. Will easily handle high-end applications like gaming, VR, and video processing without suffering dips in performance. Gives you the latest technologies in a CPU. Occasional problems with shipping control quality. More expensive than many CPU chips
A top-of-the-line DSLR that takes superb photos and video and includes an articulating touchscreen that users love. Superb autofocusing features, including a Servo AI mode that can track a subject as it moves across the scene. Users also loved the ability to transfer photos wirelessly as well as the onscreen assistance for the camera's various modes. Expensive. Some users complained that they had difficulty getting a sharp viewfinder image	Designed for advanced photographers, this exquisite camera offers everything the professional would need. The best on the market. A wide array of professional-grade features. Exceptional image quality. No built-in flash. Complex operation may be difficult for amateurs to navigate. Expensive, but you get what you pay for	The Canon EOS 5D Mark IV balances resolution and shooting rate, making it an ideal camera for professional photographers. 30MP full-frame image sensor. Fast 61-point autofocus system. 7fps continuous shooting. Unlimited JPG shooting buffer. Pro-grade build. Dual Pixel AF Live View focus system. 3.2-inch touch screen. Integrated GPS and Wi-Fi. CF and SD card slots. Cropped 4K video. Clean HDMI output is 1080p only. Dual Pixel Raw function slows camera and offers limited benefits. 4K video files are quite large. Omits in-body flash
The AOC E1659Fwux is a highly portable USB monitor that delivers a crisp 1080p picture and accurate colors. Thin, lightweight cabinet. Sharp 1080p picture. Accurate colors. Narrow viewing angles. Weak gray-scale performance in testing	The AOC E1659Fwu is an affordable 15.6-inch portable USB 3.0 monitor that lets you take your multi-screen setup on the road. Its color accuracy is off, but it delivers a sharp picture and is easy to tote around. USB 3.0. Streamlined design. Affordable. Sharp image quality. Reflective screen. Skewed color accuracy
This smart LCD TV is a reasonably well priced set that comes with Fire TV built in. Fire TV provides streaming channels. Voice controls can go through your Alexa device. 4K picture quality. Includes automatic software updates. Full control over TV settings. Set-up is easy. A great choice for Amazon Prime members. Basic audio package works well. While set-up is fairly simple, there are few printed instructions that come with this model	Offers nice features at a low price. If you are a fan of Fire devices, it's definitely worth a look. Features built-in Fire that provides easy access to numerous apps as well as Alexa compatibility. Offers three HDMI inputs and isn't too difficult to set up. Decent picture quality. A few owners gripe about it having a tendency to drop WiFi connection. Sound has a "tinny" quality to it, so you will need to add speakers or a soundbar if you like bass
Pioneer's NEX line delivers an outstanding experience with Apple CarPlay, and the EQ settings let you customize the sound so it's just right. An incredible value for iPhone owners. Outstanding audio quality, a built-in DVD player, full support for Apple CarPlay, and a low price make this an excellent choice. Lack of support for Android Auto makes this a tough sell for Android phone owners. The software update process is lengthy and complicated	The best option for adding aftermarket Apple CarPlay to vehicles. Large 6.2" WVGA touchscreen display. Can integrate with backup camera and steering wheels. Features clear microphone for calls or Apple Siri access. Issues with AppRadio. Lacks second USB port
The $150 Slingbox M1 brings TV streaming to nearly any mobile device, PC, or Mac, now with the convenience of built-in Wi-Fi. The affordable Slingbox M1 streams video from your TV or DVR (or any analog source) to your PC, tablet, smartphone, and some streaming boxes at resolutions up to full 1080p HD. IR blasters are built into the box's body, eliminating the need for annoying extra external wires. There are no monthly charges or fees and setup is even easier thanks to built-in dual-band Wi-Fi. Smartphone- and tablet-viewing apps cost extra. It duplicates some of the features found on TV anywhere apps you may already be using. No HDMI support. As always, streaming capabilities are only as good as your home bandwidth	If you want to watch live TV on your mobile devices, the Slingbox M1 is the most affordable place-shifting device yet, even if you need to pay extra for the apps. Affordable. Smooth, sharp picture. Easy to set up. Integrated Wi-Fi. Mobile apps cost extra. Slingbox and connected HDTV can only watch one channel at a time between them. Lacks HDMI connectivity
A solid lens with quick, sharp focus. Great for action shots, portraits, and low-light photography. An exceptional lens with a 50 mm stepping motor (STM) that's very fast and very quiet. Wide focusing ring is easy to operate quickly. Compact with a fixed focal length. Ideal for everyday photography. A small amount of users have had defective metal lens mounts	Excellent image quality in a prime lens for a low price. Offers large aperture for gorgeous portrait photo results; but it has some limitations. Extremely versatile with a desirable price point. Quiet auto-focus performance. Works especially well for portrait photography. Small lens takes up little room in the bag. No zoom capability will frustrate some photographers. Some longevity concerns
While it's not feature loaded, the Beoplay H4's sound quality and comfort level earn it the right to be in the conversation if you're considering a full-size Bluetooth headphone for around $300. The B&O Play by Bang and Olufsen H4 is a very comfortable, excellent-sounding Bluetooth headphone with decent battery life. It doesn't come with a carry case and has a small annoying quirk with the power button as well as an expensive price for a headphone with no active noise-cancellation	The B&O Beoplay H4 headphones deliver a wonderful Bluetooth audio experience and look particularly good doing it. Excellent audio performance with bright, detailed highs and deep, rich bass. Exceptionally comfortable over-ear fit. Handsome design with luxurious materials. Light on accessories
Excellent Chromebook with a large display screen and a desirable price point. Body of the laptop consists of aluminum, which allows for durability and a lightweight unit. Offers up to 12 hours of battery life. Includes 32 GB of SSD storage. Full HD resolution in a 14-inch display screen, which is not common in Chromebooks. Works with both 2.4GHz and 5GHz Wi-Fi bands. Lacks some processing power versus standard laptops	Offers a 14-inch screen, which is a nice feature to find in a low-priced Chromebook model. Features an all-aluminum chassis. Lightweight design that also has some toughness. Very good battery life for working all day. Full HD display screen that measures 14 inches diagonally. Nice solid state drive capacity size of 32 GB. Chromebook design won't be powerful enough for some people's needs
Single camera setup that's reasonably priced because it doesn't require a separate base station. Great video quality at full HD resolution. Single camera provides a 130° view and good performance level. Includes night vision, an important feature for a security camera. Includes 2-way audio, so you can speak to someone who's near the camera. Only 1 camera included, which may not meet your security needs	If you want a simple, straightforward indoor home security camera with top-of-the-line DIY specs and free cloud storage, Netgear's new Arlo Q is a safe bet. The Netgear Arlo Q is responsive and reliable, with a 1080p HD resolution, motion and sound alerts, two-way talk, night vision, activity zones and free 7-day event-based cloud storage (you can pay a monthly fee for continuous recording, as needed). Netgear is behind the curve in terms of third-party integrations -- it doesn't currently have any -- and you can't log into the same account on more than one device at the same time. Both the Web and mobile apps could use a design update and the camera itself doesn't feel especially durable compared to its main competition, Nest Cam
Want great viewing with bold colors in a mid-size model with a reasonable price? You'd have a hard time finding a Sony TV that has more to offer when it comes to features and value. In addition to its 4K resolution, this TV is compatible with Alexa and produces a nice motion rate thanks to the X-Motion Clarity. 49-inch screen is just right for many consumers' needs — neither too large nor too small. Mid-range price. Software updates can take a while, which can be frustrating. Occasional lag is possible. A few TVs arrived damaged	If you want to experience the superior resolution that 4K offers in a Sony model, this one falls just shy of a grand. Provides colors and contrasts that grab one's attention. Delivers fast refresh rate and has Alexa compatibility. 49-inch screen size is perfect for rooms that don't have a lot of extra space. Some reports of damage upon delivery. Software updates and lag can interfere with TV viewing and gaming
This is an excellent, affordable entry-level camera that is compatible with the whole family of Nikon accessories (including a Wi-Fi adapter). Point-and-shoot automatic features produce great results in most situations. Customers are happy with its very sharp photos with great color, as well as superb low light capabilities. Advanced controls are clumsy to navigate. Video capabilities are limited and some users complain about poor sound quality	Very good photo quality for its class plus decent performance make the Nikon D3300 A solid choice for a first dSLR. The Nikon D3300's photo quality improves on its predecessor, and while it's not incredibly fast it performs pretty well for its price class. The feature set remains pretty limited
Exceptionally versatile speaker with 360-degree immersive sound. The bass packs a punch for a compact speaker, and the mids and trebles are crystal clear. A super-sleek design with a simple control interface. Notable for its water-resistant construction. Built-in speakerphone allows you to take calls. The 16-hour battery life can become frustrating for some	Bose's expensive SoundLink Plus is arguably the best-sounding Bluetooth speaker for its size. The sleek Bose SoundLink Plus Bluetooth speaker sounds excellent for its compact size, has a built-in handle for easy transport and is water-resistant. Battery life is good at 16 hours, there's a threaded tripod mount on the bottom of the speaker and an integrated microphone for speakerphone calls. Expensive, and the cradle that makes charging easier is an optional $30 accessory
Wired headphones  with frequency range 10 hertz to 20 kilohertz, designed more like a hi-fi speaker than typical headphones. This series by B&W features a driver designed more like a hi-fi speaker than headphones, i.e. consistent volume of air around drive units, for more accurate, clear, and balanced sound. Detachable ear pads made of quality sheep's leather, cover ear completely and block out external sound. Can be folded for compactness and stored or carried in included quilted case. There were a few complaints about Bluetooth connectivity with the wireless model. Comfort issues with the headset over longer periods of listening	The Bowers & Wilkins P7 may not the best headphone you can buy in its luxury price range, but it certainly is among the best, with excellent build quality and rich sound that works well with a wide range of music genres and sources. The Bowers & Wilkins P7 offers impressive build quality, good comfort, and smooth, rich, well-balanced sound in an over-the-ear headphone design that shuts out a lot of external noise. The earpads are removable and there's an extra cable with a built-in mic and volume control that turns the P7 into an Apple-friendly headset, and a protective carrying case. Expensive. leather earpads will cause your ears to get steamy on warmer days. some remote features may not work with Android or Windows devices
Could not be easier to setup and use. Extremely small so you can take the four ports anywhere. Provides USB 3.0 connection for 5Gbps transfer speeds. Includes a Velcro strip that will keep the hub in place. Works with Windows, Mac, and Linux systems. Costs a little more than other hubs, but delivers strong quality in a portable unit. Not enough power to charge tablets. Not recommended to run external hard drives	An advanced USB data hub that emphasizes performance in a small package. Long 2' USB cable offers more reach and position flexibility than most other small options. Aluminum construction is durable compared to common, cheap plastics. Sleek look with no screws or seams. Included Velcro to strap USB hub down is difficult to remove from hard surfaces
A gaming-specific external hard drive designed for the whole range of Xbox consoles. Two terabyte options (2TB and 4TB) offer plenty of space for installing games, apps, and files. Can be used with multiple Xbox consoles. The noise level of the hard drive is louder than most other options	A unique storage solution from Seagate for the Xbox gaming platform to extend the storage capacity. Plugs directly into the Xbox 360 and Xbox One gaming consoles without the need for additional upgrades or a power cable. Can store programs, saved game files, and downloaded applications. The hard drive is loud when transferring data to and from the Xbox console. May require initial formatting
A nicely priced digital camera in this category for basic trips and adventures. Comes with a variety of helpful, beginner-friendly features such as optical image stabilization, panorama shooting, and several image effects and filters. The autofocus can take a few moments to resolve the image when photographing people and small objects	Simple features and an easy set up make this an option for someone wanting a straight-forward camera. A great price for a reliable camera with good quality. Features like panorama shooting, image stabilization, and advanced flash make this camera much more useful than expected for the price. Fun image picture effects (like "Toy Camera" and "Pop Color") add personality to photos. A very simple camera that might not be worth the price unless this is what you want
Ideal for beginning photographers and those new to DSLR, this user-friendly camera is the best budget model available. Fantastic image quality. User-friendly features. Can change lenses/settings - very versatile. Affordable price. No built-in WiFi capabilities. Some features lag behind its competitors	The Canon EOS Rebel T5 sports an attractive price tag, but you can get a better entry-level SLR for a little bit more money. Includes optically stabilized lens. Raw shooting support. Detailed images at high ISOs. 1080p video capture. On-screen shooting guide. Fixed LCD. Pentamirror viewfinder. Slower autofocus. Burst shooting limited to 3fps. Small buffer when shooting Raw. No microphone input
Buyers love this stand for its unique and contemporary design, though it also showcases a sturdy build with quality materials. Boasts a universal headphone fit that prevents headphones from being bent or creased. Bottom sponge pads provide stability for the piece. Option to purchase in a transparent construction. A popular model for gamers. Many buyers complained the price was too expensive for the quality, though they still appreciated the product's functionality	The minimalist design and low cost make the AmoVee the perfect addition to any desk. The AmoVee feels durable, despite the low cost. The slim design doesn't take up much space, and pairs well with any desk layout. Adhesive rubber padding attached to the legs prevents sliding. The stand advertises as universal and can hold up any headset with ease. It takes 2 hands to properly remove the headset from the stand
With the latest firmware update, the D-Link DIR-655 is arguably one of the best among single-band Wireless-N routers on the market. The D-Link DIR-655 offers decent throughput performance and stable wireless signal. The router has an intuitive and responsive Web interface, support for Gigabit Ethernet and guest networking, and an extensive set of networking features. The DIR-655 doesn't have dual-band support. Its SharePort USB port can work with only one computer at a time	This fast wireless router comes with Gigabit LAN ports and has many features, including QoS monitoring, but the complex interface may intimidate some. Fast (thanks to Gigabit Ethernet LAN ports) and feature-rich. Confusing Web administration interface
The best budget-friendly gaming motherboard from ASUS that offers a good amount of performance. Strategically placed thermal sensors help to regulate airflow and cooling across the board, preventing any parts from overheating during major gameplay. Connected ram may fail to reach full speed due to the included firmware	A budget ASUS motherboard for gamers wanting an affordable desktop setup. Computer processor mount can support processors with up to 8 cores. Built-in LAN connection offers better internet connectivity and speed for multiplayer gaming. Driver updates can take time to install when using the motherboard for the first time
A fast, durable machine that's designed to work best with online storage accounts. Easily send scanned pages to online storage. Easy to install software. Works with WiFi. Requires extra work to rename and relocate scanned PDFs	The Wi-Fi networkable Epson ES-500W scans and saves to searchable PDF faster than several of its entry-level competitors, but mediocre OCR accuracy diminishes its overall value. Fast scanning and saving to PDF. Comes with document and business card management software. Supports Wi-Fi, Wi-Fi Direct, and NFC. High daily duty cycle for the price. Below average OCR accuracy
If you are brave, you will grow to like this keyboard style. Unfortunately, buying the stand and keypad can get expensive. However, in terms of pure quality, this device has it. Innovative design. When used with its adjustable stand, it becomes extremely customizable, making it very ergonomic. The stand to elevate the keyboard and the side number pad are sold separately. Left hand quick access keys are hardcoded	A unique split-style keyboard that is well suited for on-the-go use. A small profile and light weight makes it extremely mobile. The split design allows you to position each half for the best angle with each hand. Built-in Windows compatibility with dedicated control keys. Doesn't have the same curves and contours as other ergonomic options
If you need a case to carry your Switch and plenty of accessories, this is your best option. This EVA shell carrying case is the best choice for carrying your Switch and its accessories, including the dock. The inner compartments make it easy to store and remove your console and accessories. Holds two Joy-Cons and plenty of games. The case holds the console and accessories somewhat loosely, so they may move around if the case is tilted	A decently priced hard shell carry case with plenty of room for all your gaming essentials. Ideal for keeping your gear protected and organized. Accommodates a full Nintendo Switch gaming system and accessories, including room for one pro controller. Boasts 18 game cartridge slots. Shock-absorbing EVA shell keeps contents safe from splashes, dust, knocks, and falls. Soft inner lining prevents scratches. Can be carried by the easy-grip handle or with the detachable shoulder strap. Accessory cutouts aren't quite as snug as we'd like. Adjustable shoulder strap could be longer
The computer processor to choose when you want a small upgrade in performance for general computer use. Good value with a decent boost in speed and performance. Advanced Zen architecture. Some purchase options include compatible motherboards if a total CPU and motherboard replacement is necessary. No heat sink is included	As long as unmatched 1080p gaming isn't the main objective for your build, it's hard to beat the high clock speeds, thread and core count, and overall performance of AMD's Ryzen 5 1600X CPU for the price. Great price for a six-core, 12-thread chip. Beats even the pricier Core i7-7700K when using all cores on some tests. Lags behind the equivalent Intel chips for 1080p gaming. No stock cooler included
Easy-to-use binoculars that aren't affected by rain or low-light conditions. Low-level night vision. Anti-slip grip. Waterproof. Sharp image quality. Lightweight and portable. Easy to adjust to fit your eyes and to focus. Carrying case and strap. Not ideal if you're looking for a product with a long range	Compact and fairly durable at their price point, new users may have trouble setting up these binoculars. Very light and compact, fitting easily in one hand. Can handle bumps, jolts, and drops from waist height. Clear focus out to 200+ yards. Textured surface makes binoculars easy to hold in wet conditions. Some drag in the focus wheel when adjusting. Instructions are confusing and difficult for new users
Fast signal acquisition and excellent accuracy, but some owners feel the learning curve is steeper than it should be. 3D images provide a more recognizable “real world” view. Touch and voice controls work well. Hands-free calling feature. Compatible with Siri and Google Now. Must link to smartphone for traffic data, but not all phones are compatible	With full smartphone connectivity, and worldwide lifetime maps, it’s the complete package. This TomTom unit has all of the special features you'd expect for the price tag. It has TomTom’s largest available screen at 6 inches, free lifetime traffic updates, free lifetime world maps, and voice control. The TomTom Traffic feature can be difficult to access through the interface at times, making it less useful than it could be
Fits in a pocket and provides instant luminosity measurements. Reviews rave that this meter works especially well for set design and other indoor spaces. Effectively measures temperature and UV strength as well. Features color LCD screen. Lightweight and easy to carry. May need to adjust thermometer calibration	A versatile light meter that makes lighting an area easier than other meter options. Large screen is big enough to display multiple readings at the same time. Reads ambient temperature in addition to the surrounding luminosity levels. Integrated thermometer can arrive out of calibration, throwing off inaccurate readings by several degrees
Excellent photo quality for small, fixed lens camera, thanks to the high quality image sensor. Includes a 1-inch image sensor and 20.9 megapixels of resolution, providing great photographs in a small camera. RX100 Mark II works great in low light shooting situations. Tiltable LCD screen makes it convenient to shoot odd-angle photos. Includes built-in Wi-Fi and NFC connectivity options. Small 3.6X optical zoom lens versus what's found in most fixed lens camera	The Sony Cyber-shot DSC-RX100 II's combination of looks, speed, flexibility, and photo quality makes it a great choice for enthusiasts who can afford the price tag. The Sony Cyber-shot DSC-RX100 II delivers excellent photos, speedy performance, and a broad feature set in an attractive, compact package. The camera tends to clip bright highlights more than we typically see, and the slippery body lacks a grip. Plus, the lack of a manually triggered macro mode might put off some fans of close-up photography
An excellent scanner for budget-conscious shoppers. In-depth user manual makes this scanner easy to use. Three power levels. Average battery life of 18 hours. Sold with a belt clip, earpiece, and hand strap. Battery charger is fragile	A super high-quality two-way radio unit. If you don't need a set, this is the single unit to get. Rugged, great weatherproofing, emergency band radio is top notch. Company service is very responsive. The hands-free capabilities are subpar
Great for gamers, as this drive works well with game consoles like Xbox and PlayStation, as well as the PC. Plug and play. Portable, light, and slim. Quiet during data transfers. Seamless drag-and-drop of files. Fairly fast with a USB 3.0 port. Cooperates with most Xbox and PlayStation setups. Some expressed concerns over the quality of the plastic housing	A good, modern option from Seagate for extra storage and fast data transfer speeds out of the box. The exterior of the hard drive can resist common dents and scratches when carrying the device in a pocket. Does not require any additional software or power supply to work correctly. The hard drive can stop working unexpectedly or may require formatting. Best used for temporary storage
Totally wireless headphones with superb sound quality, adjustable fit, and reinforced design for sweat and water resistance. Volume and track controls on each earbud makes it easy to control music while running. With up to nine hours of listening time and an included charging case, these have a battery life to support any workout. Charging case is somewhat bulky	If you can overlook the jumbo charging case and high price, the Powerbeats Pro true wireless headphones are superior to the AirPods in a few key ways. The Powerbeats Pro have better sound and battery life than the AirPods and will stay on your ears securely. They offer all the same basic conveniences of the 2019 AirPods, including fast pairing, rock-solid wireless connectivity and always-on Siri voice-recognition for iOS users. Phone call quality is excellent. Physical buttons for music playback control will appeal to Android users. The Powerbeats Pro are more expensive than AirPods. The charging case isn't pocket-friendly, nor does it offer wireless charging. The headphones deliver some treble push, and may not fit all ears perfectly
The Fujifilm X-T1 is a great camera for advanced photographers as long as its quirks don't bother you. The stunning viewfinder, comfy grip and plethora of direct controls makes the Fujifilm X-T1 a joy to shoot with, plus the image quality is great and the continuous-shooting is among the best in its class. Some of the controls are too hard to manipulate, its general performance doesn't stand out, and the movie quality disappoints
Reasonable price point for a 55-inch television that also delivers the latest color technology in HDR10. With 4K Ultra HD resolution, you’ll be ready for newer programming technologies well into the future. Uses local dimming technology, so you can view the deepest blacks. Meshes nicely with multiple Apple streaming product options. Some problems with build quality reported. Smart TV interface is not the easiest to use
A reasonable option for an entry-level dSLR, the Pentax K-50 should satisfy if you need the weather-sealed design. But while acceptable, it and its cheaper sibling the K-500 lag behind the competition in image quality and performance. The Pentax K-50 features a weather-sealed body that's unique in its price class, an interesting set of shooting features, support for AA-size batteries, and a relatively nice viewfinder. Plus, it comes in colors, if that appeals to you. The cheaper K-500 has the same feature set but lacks the weather sealing and color combos. Image quality and performance, while acceptable, don't match the competition's, and the cameras lack an articulated LCD. Also, both the shutter and the lens make a lot of noise
Only those who do a lot of local intensive tasks via Wi-Fi, or who can appreciate the Asus RT-AC3200's excellent feature set, will find this router worth the investment. The Asus RT-AC3200 Tri-Band Wireless Gigabit Route has powerful hardware and good performance. The router has many helpful features, including the ability to keep malware from entering your home network, and it can also work as a powerful VPN/NAS server. The router is very expensive. It has a bulky, somewhat impractical design and you can't name clients on the IP reservation list anything other than their MAC address
A "green" option that also boasts all the desired features and durable construction, making it our pick for best value on the market. Attractive and well made with ample room for laptops as large as 17.3 inches. Features numerous pockets including one that's padded for added protection. Made of eco-friendly canvas. The handle seems off-center, but this is a small concern considering all this messenger bag has to offer
Great sound quality for a good price. These bookshelf speakers produce excellent, clear sound. Dynamic Balance drivers and tweeters offer wide response and low distortion. Can be wall mounted using the keyholes on the back of each speaker. These speakers do need some time to break in before they produce the best sound they are capable of
This ultra lightweight and high-powered laptop is a workhorse for everyday use. Super lightweight and easy to carry. 15-inch UHD display, 10th-gen Intel i7 processor, 8 GB memory, 128 GB SSD storage, Bluetooth enabled, Comes with Windows 10. Built-in webcam with microphone. The underwhelming battery life is frustrating. Despite the sleek design, the plastic components are flimsy
A smart power strip that combines affordability, quality, and dependability. Equipped with 4 outlets and 4 USB charging ports for charging smartphones, tablets and other gadgets. Offers built-in WiFi capabilities. No hub is required. Comes with built-in leakage and an overload protection switch for added safety. Easy to use right out of the box. Sometimes can be tough to connect to WiFi. Offers less durability than many comparable options
You won't find a 4K HDTV as affordable as this LED-backlit model from newcomer Seiki any time soon. The question is, does anyone need 4K right now?. Very inexpensive for a 4K HDTV. Bright panel. Skewed colors. Poor shadow details. Little 4K content available
Solid desktop tower computer at a low price with a DVD optical drive and a 1 TB hard drive. Contains all of the features you’d expect to find in an Acer desktop computer, just at a lower price point. Combination of 10 USB, HDMI, and VGA ports is handy. Includes support for Bluetooth 5.0 and latest Wi-Fi protocols. Unlike some desktop computers, it has a DVD drive. With 1 TB of hard drive space, you’ll be able to save a lot of photos and videos. Processor is an Intel Core i3 model, so it’s not quite as powerful as some others
Complete with wireless access, remote printing in the cloud, an interactive touch screen, and several paper trays, the Epson WorkForce WF-3540 is well-prepared to handle large workloads for home offices, corporate teams, and everything in between. The Epson WorkForce WF-3540 workhorse multifunction is built for performance with cloud printing capabilities, extra-large-capacity ink cartridges, dual 250-sheet paper trays, an intuitive touch-screen display, and an external USB port for standalone copying and scanning. The 3.5-inch touch-screen display works well with gesture navigation, but its fixed angle inhibits its usability in higher positions
A well-priced device that’s easy to operate and reads and writes to M-DISCs. Fair data transfer speeds for this price range. Portable at 5.6 x 0.68 x 5.3 inches. M-DISC format works. Easily recognized by most computer systems. Concerns about thin construction, so needs careful handling. A little noisy for some
Save yourself from being gouged by cable provider rental fees with this rock-solid modem-router combo that broadcasts a reliable and fast connection across a wide area. Covers 1,800 square feet. Remembers up to 30 devices. Speeds up to 400Mbs. Designed for HD streaming and smooth online gaming. Easy setup. Features 4 Gigabit Ethernet ports. No bonus features to set it apart, it is just a solid device
The portable Anker Soundcore Flare 2 speakers delivers solid audio and cool LED lights in a waterproof design for a fair price. Relatively solid audio for the size and price. IPX7 waterproof rating. Speakerphone functionality. LED light strips can flash various colors to the beat. Not much deep bass. EQ in app cannot be customized
The able Polk Audio PSW111 subwoofer delivers seamless bass despite its compact size. 8-inch powered subwoofer. built-in 150-watt power amplifier. medium-density fiberboard cabinet with smoothly rounded corners. excellent connectivity. The larger, more powerful 10-inch version costs $50 less
Once they're broken in, buyers love these boots for their comfort, look, and durability. Very stylish look. Full-grain, Sienna Cache leather with rubber sole. Comfortable, with good arch support. Stitchdown construction offers increased stability. Great craftsmanship. Sturdy and durable. These are a little stiff at first and take a bit to break in. This boot tends to run a half-size large
With styling based on one of Fila's top shoes but with a high top design. And with more comfort and durability. Comfortable, subdued and stylish. Many use them as training shoes, but they're tough enough that some use them as motorcycle boots. Comes in a variety of colors. Leather and synthetic uppers, rubber sole. Cushioning EVA midsole, rubber outsole. More expensive than other styles. May run small, so consider this when sizing
In general, consumers welcomed the versatility of the Skechers Ultra Flex - First Take, along with the comfort it delivers. Other points valued by the buyers include the slip-on style, the lightweight nature of the shoe, and the shock attenuation of the midsole. Though many liked the breathable mesh upper, there were complaints that it irritated some users. But overall, the trainer was highly applauded for its comfort as a reliable walking shoe. A vast majority of the owners found the Skechers Ultra Flex - First Take to be very comfortable during extended periods of wear. The overall style and slip-on construction of the footwear delighted a lot of users. Many wearers claimed that the product was made of durable and quality materials. The lightweight nature of this model pleased numerous buyers. Multiple users marveled at the shoe’s versatility. it was great for both athleisure and casual wear. The footgear is flexible, as stated by several wearers. More than a few gym-goers appreciated the shock absorption offered by the sole unit as it helped alleviate foot pain. The breathability of the mesh upper satisfied some purchasers. A handful of shoppers complained that the mesh material irritated their instep and the Achilles, causing blisters in some instances. The arch support on this footwear was deemed inadequate by a few people. Some individuals were dismayed that the sole unit quickly wore out
If you are looking for classic topsiders, this is the pair to get – they are easy to slip on, comfortable to wear, and come in several color combinations that look great with almost any warm-weather or nautical style. One of the more classic pair of boat shoes by the brand. Complements most warm-weather attire from casual to dressy. Leather construction earns praise for all-day comfort and longevity. Runs large. May rub and cause a few blisters during the short break-in period. Blisters and rubbing occurs more if worn without socks like most men prefer
Comfort, style and quality construction make Dakota the runaway favorite for indoor and occasional outdoor wear. Cozy wool lining keeps feet warm without overheating. Sheepskin moccasin with wool lining, molded rubber outsole. Dye from dark jeans can rub off and discolor slippers
A tight-fitting but otherwise comfortable, long-lasting loafer stylish enough for business casual wear. Well-built with plenty of support for wearing all day. Fit most wearers like a glove with soft leather upper accentuating that feel. Sizes may run a little small, and shoe can feel tight even in the correct size. Support and cushioning may not be enough for some wearers
Choose these boots if you want the warmest offered by the brand, as they are built inside and out to protect from the cold. Warm, well-made boots with sheepskin construction, wool lining, and mid-calf length. Some owners say they can wear them without socks due to extreme warmth and comfort. Choosing the right size may be challenging for some. these boots tend to be snug at first but loosen over time with wear. Dye has been known to fade after getting wet
A neutral trail shoe with protective midsole cushioning. A little more built-up than the Minimus, these deliver a well-cushioned ride. Equipped with grippy outsole, the shoe can handle the roads and trails equally well. We love the airy mesh upper and wide design. Not suitable for narrow feet. Some runners had issues with durability
The Reebok Zigwild TR 5.0 was a fantastic running shoe that delivered comfort and style all-around, which was agreed upon by many users. Some customers experienced fit issues, but the overall rating for the shoe was favorable, and many runners have found themselves using the Zigwild TR 5.0 repeatedly. One wearer likened wearing the Zigwild TR 5.0 to “walking on clouds.”. The shoe was a terrific value for money, several customers agreed. A number of users were happy with the stylish look of the shoe. The shoe could be worn all day without causing discomfort in the foot, according to a satisfied user. Many runners found the Zigwild TR 5.0 to be true-to-size. There was not as much traction from the outsole as expected, according to a user. Some buyers commented that the Zigwild TR 5.0 needed breaking in
A fresh twist on the classic pump. The eye-turning asymmetrical strap actually helps keep your foot in the shoe. Great for special events or a work day where you spend at least some time sitting. Strap across the instep helps to keep the shoe on the foot. Distinctive look. Leather upper. Comes in several colors. Slip-on, pointed-toe silhouette with asymmetrical strap across vamp. Lightly padded footbed, three-inch wrapped heel, and synthetic sole. Poor arch support
The Gel Excite 3 remains to be a serviceable option for low-mileage runs as it has excellent cushioning, great flexibility, and moderate arch support. Runners who are looking for a budget-friendly trainer that works reliably well should give this neutral running shoe a good look. The comfort continues in the 3rd iteration of the Asics Excite because of the plush padding and soft inner lining. It is very affordable. The overlays do a very good job of keeping the foot secure through every stride. Several runners liked the vertical and horizontal flex grooves for superb flexibility despite the substantial cushioning. The wide and open mesh of the Asics Gel Excite creates maximum breathability. There were many who wanted better durability in this shoe. A few runners developed hot spots because of the stitching
Whether working out or hanging out, you won't find a pair of PUMAs that offers better wear – the excellent workmanship is built for longevity, comfort, and style. The perfect design for athletic wear and running, thanks in part to the cushioned insole and shock-absorbing heel. They also look good for every day wear. They fit tightly at first, but most wearers find they fit comfortably after the initial break-in period
Great choice for challenging and shifting terrain. Many hikers praise the immediate comfort. Expensive but well-engineered. Unique three-level lacing system. Relatively short break-in period. Lightweight and exceptionally water-resistant. Sole and seam separation is a common complaint. Finding an ideal size is challenging. Laces tend to loosen over time
If you are looking for a pair of KEENs for your child that's crafted to stand up to wet, wintry conditions, these boots are likely to impress you. A must-have for kids who like to spend a lot of time outside in the winter, as they are constructed of waterproof leather and have grippy rubber soles. Available in sizes and colors for boys and girls from toddlers to big kids. The downside of the sturdy construction of these boots is that they are a bit heavy, which is especially noticeable when it comes to little kids. Sizes run small
A popular choice that gets high marks for price, comfort, and grip. Comfortable. Lightweight option. Requires minimal break-in. Offers a long-lasting sole that grips well. They run a bit narrow and the toe box is a little cramped. We recommend buying up a half-size. Some buyers have noted that this boot wears out more quickly than others
If you prefer a tennis shoe with somewhat rigid support and leather construction, this pair is worth considering, though you may want to consider others on our list if you need shock-absorbing cushioning. Tennis enthusiasts who prefer leather uppers love this shoe's structured grain leather build. Interior has lining that wicks moisture. Supportive toe and sole. Offers high levels of stability and support on the courts. The downside of the excellent support is that the fit feels somewhat stiff. Cushioning could be better
These shower shoes offer just what you need for the gym or pool – lots of traction and no crevices for mold to hide. Synthetic upper with synthetic sole. Form-injected as one piece with no crevices for mildew. Fast-drying, non-porous, mildew-resistant material. Choice of sizes and colors. Soft and cushioned. Lots of traction. May run small, so consider sizing up
Very durable, versatile, and comfortable boot with a lower rise. A long-lasting boot for everyday wear or light work jobs. Flexible boot with a composite toe. Tough and comfortable. Lighter than steel toe boots, but still offer some protection and get high marks for durability. Great for electricians. Also comes in a wheat color. Not as warm as some other options
Though the fit and style aren't for everyone, those who like them are likely to enjoy comfort and longevity from these practical shoes. With rugged, waterproof leather and thick rubber soles, these shoes are ideal for walking in inclement weather and on various outdoor surfaces. A few owners have commented that they are as comfortable as slippers. Depending on foot shape, they may be hard to put on or will possibly slip off quite easily. Design is on the bulky side and runs wide on most
A budget-minded shoe good for fitness classes and casual running. Light and breathable. Comes in Chalk Coral, Core Black, Grey Two and White. Textile upper, structurally supportive mid-foot and heel cage. Molded foam insole. Rubber outsole designed for gripping and traction. May run narrow, so keep this in mind when sizing
Premier women's exercise shoe for high performance, with a price tag to match. Ideal for short distance running. True to size. Comfortable thanks to a breathable air mesh. Might cause problems for long distance running. The shoes are expensive, so it requires extra thought before making a purchase
You'd have a hard time finding a more comfortable, better looking shoe for a lower price, which makes the Coudfoam Ilations an awesome deal. The foam insoles and midsoles of these good-looking shoes are off the charts in terms of comfort, plus the mid-ankle cut gives them classic, stylish looks on and off the court. Rare reports of sizes being somewhat narrow. but most owners rave about them fitting true to size
A tough boot made for extreme temperatures. Easy to use Velcro strap. Excellent insulation works in below zero temperatures. Velcro strap keeps the foot in place. Feet stay dry and warm. They run small, so measure your child's feet carefully. It may be difficult to find the size you need
Classic, sturdy, and versatile. These shoes are meant for daily wear, and they can take it. Leather upper. Hook-and-loop closure. Textile lining, cushioned footbed. Flexible outsole. Comes in brown, black and navy. Color may transfer, wears unevenly
As compared to the textile version, the Converse CTAS Leather Ox this leather variety offers its users the convenience of keeping it unsoiled. Its leather top is appropriate for many purposes, winning the hearts of buyers who consider utilizing this for every day.Converse maintained the classic appeal modernized with a cushioned footbed to enhance the overall comfort. This leather iteration gets the nod of the majority of consumers. Many reviewers appreciate the clean yet eye-appealing design of the Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Leather Ox. It is among the Converse sneakers that are considered functional for different purposes by several wearers. A few customers have noted that that shoe is sturdy enough to sustain a leisurely game of indoor soccer. A lot of buyers who have to deal with its stiff heel upon their purchase of this shoe has noted that it gets comfortable over time. The CT AS Leather Ox is the next best thing to a smart shoe, according to a couple of users. Most of the reviewers who have found pleasure in this shoe recommended this to other potential consumers. Some flat footed wearers have specified that this sneaker has no arch support. A few find the quality of its leather isn’t superb
The Ryka Kilee was described as a comfortable, supportive, lightweight, and breathable shoe. Its Mary Jane-ish style also won the adoration of many female wearers. Even though there were several complaints about the arch support and the strap, they couldn’t outweigh the amount of positive feedback. A considerable number of buyers recommended the Ryka Kailee as great walking footwear for summer. A vast majority of buyers marveled at how comfortable the Ryka Kailee was for long periods of walking, commuting, and running errands. Many wearers lauded the shoe’s underfoot support and cushioning. The footwear was deemed lightweight by most users. It offered a breathable in-shoe experience, according to a good number of reviewers. The style of the product endeared a lot of purchasers. Several users emphasized the shoe’s roomy toe box as it was able to accommodate bunions. The price was generally considered reasonable. Some people wished that the Velcro layer on the strap was longer. it was not enough to tighten up the fit. Several customers griped about the arch support: they found it to be too high and misplaced
Classic fashion original that's durable and stylish. Retro boyfriend look that can be dressed up or down. Foam footbed absorbs shock while adding cushioning. No arch support, and can be tight for those with wide feet
Even though sizing may be an issue, once you find a pair that fits, these are versatile, attractive rain boots that are practical and comfortable. Sports a mid-calf height and an attractive gloss finish that make them both useful and stylish on rainy days. Ideal for wearing with socks for added warmth. Size inconsistencies have been reported. May run large in the foot, or fit either too tight or too loose in the calf depending on leg shape
Danner’s mission to provide a waterproof backpacking footwear with huge amounts of comfort and support is accomplished in the 453. This worthy purchase of a boot is remarkably stable, durable, and lightweight. It is also a grippy platform that requires minimal break-in time. However, many wearers were disappointed with the Danner 453’s frail outsole, bleeding ankle liner, and too-narrow fit. Its fragile shoelaces and abrasive lace hooks further compounded the negativity which surrounded the boot. Scores of satisfied customers became instant Danner fans after experiencing this footwear’s amazing traction firsthand. The Danner 453 deeply impressed a huge portion of the reviewing population with its feather-like lightness. This mid-cut backpacking boot requires minimal-to-no break-in time, and many wearers couldn’t agree more. Many experts and users were smitten by the Danner 453 with its enormous level of comfort. An expert among them even likened it to a well-worn tennis shoe. Based on a number of favorable reviews, this boot’s arch support is genuinely top notch. A moderate percentage of reviewers were at a loss for words because it's a hiking boot with excellent waterproofing. This premium-priced hiking footwear is considered a smart purchase by many. Some experts praised the Danner 453 for its commendable durability. Its toughness lasted an expert’s pair through punishing outdoor ventures for more than two years. Danner’s 453 provides great stability on challenging treks, according to a handful of owners. One of them reported that even pointy rocks couldn’t destabilize him. A considerable number of owners couldn’t help but feel disgusted with the boot’s outsole for wearing thin too quickly. Many passionate hikers were flabbergasted by the Danner 453’s thin laces. These laces, according to them, were too scrawny to give them a secure ankle fit. Some wearers found the boot too narrow. Even the 2E - wide still felt too cramped and restrictive for them. A handful of reviewers detested the hook eyelets for bruising their laces and rendering them unusable. The ankle cuff’s inner liner bleeds and stains socks, based on a few critical reviews
Who says boots are just for winter? Basel 3 is a great pairing with your skinny jeans and skirts when it's time to put the warm, fuzzy boots away. A great look for spring and summer. Better for posture than higher-heeled alternatives. Socks are not visible through the perforations. Comes in a variety of colors. Leather upper with large perforated detail throughout. Dual side zippers. Almond toe. Synthetic lining. Lightly cushioned footbed. Stacked heel and synthetic sole. May run small, so keep this in mind when sizing
Many workplaces require steel-toed boots these days, and this rugged model provides solid protection without sacrificing comfort or style. Rugged construction with steel toe makes these ideal for factory floors and construction sites. True to size and width. Stylish enough to wear as a casual boot at home. Goodyear welt construction on sole. Padded tongue for comfort. Heavyweight, not ideal for hiking or casual wear. Poor arch support. Long break-in period. Supportive orthotic inserts may be needed
The comfortable Saucony Grid 9000 Knit is a well-constructed update to 1990s performance running shoe. It has a modern knit upper with speckled patterns on the top and parts of the midsole while suede overlays complete this revamped look. The Grid midsole remains reliable with shock absorption and cushioning features with the shoe offered at an affordable price of $90. The knitted textile paneling and suede overlays in the Saucony Grid 9000 Knit looks and feels durable. Several customers noted that the sneaker is well-built and constructed with premium looking materials and heavy duty built. Some commented that the speckled paneling looks modern and comparable to other contemporary knitted textile shoes of different brands. The supportive Saucony Grid sole is consistent with delivering reliable grip and traction. A few reviewers liked the three colorways used in the design as it is neutral, not overwhelming, and compliments various types of clothing. The lightweight EVA foam midsole provides ample cushioning. Some noted that the thick midsole absorbs shocks and bumps with ease. Knit material in the upper of the Grid 9000 is breathable and airy making them excellent footwear for summer or spring. The interior cleatie construction helps a lot in fitting as well as securing the foot inside the shoe. Many reviewers felt the comfort brought about by the soft padded collar and tongue and leather lining inside the Saucony Grid 9000 Knit. A few users claimed that the thick midsole made the Grid 9000 Knit look bulky. Knit material with the suede overlays could get dirty with accumulated dust or mud splatters after a heavy rain. Some commenters with wide feet feel the one-piece cleatie fit could get tight at the collar
Comfortable, supportive shoes for those who need to be on their feet all day. Easy slip-on style. Comes in Black (Zappos), Midnight Navy, Deep Plum, Hot Cherry, Pagoda Blue and Indian Green (Amazon). Faux Patent Leather upper, antibacterial microfiber lining, triple-density EVA midsole. Microwobbleboard technology. Textured outsole with embossed FitFlop logo. Heel measures 2 inches, platform measures 1 inch. May run wide, also may run large
Perfect for a classic bride who’s looking for a sense of flair, these rhinestone-adorned heels are a stylish and stellar value. Comfortable 3” heel with a stylish open-toe front. Small elastic band inside to help secure foot for easy walking and dancing. Shiny satin and sparkly rhinestones give shoes a fancy look for the special occasion. These shoes are not available in half sizes
Flexible, steel-toed workboot for any job or terrain. Cheaper alternative to the Pittsburgh that holds up just as well. Durable, water-resistant leather and a slip-resistant rubber sole. Good combination of comfort and safety, built to last. 6-inch boot, comes in two colors. Not completely waterproof, laces may wear out quickly
A good choice for taller consumers or those who prefer more leg coverage. However, keep in mind the known sizing issues and finish concerns. Tall, fashionable rain boots that go with numerous styles. Matte finish appeals to those who find the gloss finish too shiny. Sizes run large on most customers, yet boots tend to fit tightly in the calf. Height may be bothersome to shorter women. Matte finish prone to white marks when scuffed
A comfortable and attractive-looking hiking shoe for women. A lightweight trail shoe option with a durable, grippy Vibram outsole. Made for exposure to waterlogged areas, the shoes drain extremely well and dry out quickly. Outsole is flexible, too, so movement in the shoe feels natural. Some complained of a lack of cushioning
Does what a combat boot should, with minimal discomfort and good life. Lightweight with good traction. Warm and comfortable in a variety of conditions. True to size. Durability is an issue, and the boot is not waterproof without treatment. Break-in is sometimes rough on the feet
If you are looking for rugged snow boots that provide reliable warmth and traction for a reasonable price, this is a pair to consider. Durable construction without  too much bulk or weight. Faux fur lining adds to the warmth and comfort. Hook-and-loop closures make them easy for kids to put on and fasten. Built-in snow cleats help gain traction in icy conditions. Sizes may run a bit small for some, especially boys with wide feet
This is a comfortable pair of rain boots that will keep feet reliably dry and warm all while resisting dirt and stains. Comes in  both vibrant and neutral color options to suit every style. Very comfortable shoes that are enjoyable to wear. These stay leak-free even after extended wear. Keep feet warm. Lightweight design and very resistant to dirt and water marks. Tend to run smaller in the calves area, so might be tight on those with large legs
The sturdily built Merrell Moab 2 Mid Waterproof is a fairly decent choice for customers looking for a comfortable, breathable and durable hiking boot. Also, the majority was satisfied with its eye-catching looks and the excellent performance of the Gore-Tex lining in wet environments. It had a sock-like fit that aided wearers during ascents and descents.The rest, however, questioned its waterproofness. All in all, the boot provides excellent grip on challenging terrain and is a great gear to wear for day hikes. The majority found the Merrell Moab 2 Mid Waterproof super comfy. Most of the users appreciated the outsole’s remarkable traction on slippery surfaces. A lot of hikers admired the looks. Many consumers mentioned that the hiking boot needed no time to break in. Several buyers said that they re-ordered the pair to keep as extra owing to its highly lasting durability. Professional gear reviewers were astounded by this boot’s superb breathability. Some hiking enthusiasts praised its glove-like fit. They admitted that it prevented their foot from sliding inside the shoe on ascents or descents. A small number of reviewers appreciated how well the footgear held up to everyday wear and tear without compromising its performance or quality. A renowned footwear review website gave the Moab 2 Mid Waterproof a thumbs down for its lackluster underfoot support. As observed by a considerable number of wearers, it's not waterproof as expected
These shoes are surprisingly supportive and offer all-day comfort cushioning for golfers who want excellent performance without a high price tag. An updated version of Skechers' classic golf shoes that earns praise for reliable comfort, thanks to the responsive foam insole. Fits true to size. Somewhat warm on the feet. Not quite as stylish as some costlier brands, but considering the price you may not mind
Bring the youngest members of your family on a weekend hike with these Timberland Euro Hiker boots. Made with a lightweight, flexible rubber for fantastic traction. Feature crushed  nylon lining and footbed cover for warmth and comfort. Durable. Premium, full-grain leather. Padded collar and tongue for comfort. They can run small
A trusted sneaker style that is a great pick for neutral runners. A good choice for women with narrow feet and high arches. Great for all types of exercise. Not great for women with wider feet. Some complaints that this version isn't designed as thoughtfully as prior iterations
Similar to other Superga styles, except platform adds a little height and an extra touch of style. Old school sneaker look, but with a 1.5-inch platform. Platform helps with some of the support complaints of the COTU classic. Cotton upper. Comes in a variety of colors. Cushioned footbed. Rubber outsole. Takes a while to break in. Heel slips when walking. May run large, so consider this when sizing
Attractive boots that pair nicely with numerous looks and all seasons. The decent price is also a selling point. The comfortable fit and low, stacked heels are ideal for walking and standing for long periods of time. Versatile style works for all-year wear. Faux suede appeals to consumers who prefer not to wear animal-based materials. Fit is true to size for most. Tops of boots have a tendency to "slouch" down, especially on wearers with thinner thighs
A durable shoe from Under Armour that delivers lightweight support. The shoe features a sleek minimal design and a wear-resistant construction that's due to its combination of leather and synthetic materials. The fit is comfortable and the width is generous enough without feeling overly big. Shoe runs small. likely requires sizing up
A tough sole and insulation for colder conditions. Warm, comfortable winter boot with great arch support and a high collar. Stylish and practical, these will keep you warm even on icy terrain. Breathable waterproof mesh. Comes in two colors. Size runs small, stitching may separate after extensive wear
The Asics Gel Fortius 2 TR is an all-around cross-training shoe that was generally favored by both die-hard fitness fanatics and casual gym-goers. They appreciated its sturdy weightlifting platform, flexibility, durability, arch support, and design. Despite all the praises heaped onto the shoe, there were also a few disgruntled purchasers who found the product short-lived and the fit too tight. That said, it was still considered as a great training shoe. Many fitness buffs lauded the versatility of the Asics Gel Fortius 2 TR. the shoe performed well in a wide range of workouts, including CrossFit, weightlifting, dance cardio classes, and short-distance running. Plenty of weightlifters liked that the trainer’s firm support helped in improving their weightlifting stance. A lot of buyers found the design and the colorways to be pleasing to the eyes. The shoe also boasted of solid arch support, according to wearers with high arches. A majority of the consumers lamented the narrow and tight fit of the trainer. Two reviewers have reported that the footwear fell apart after only several weeks of gym use
An aesthetically pleasing hiking boot that has top-notch comfort, virtually zero break-in time, and impressive durability is the Danner Mountain 600. This boot is very lightweight and has a truly satisfying fit. It’s also much-praised for its amazing traction.The shoe, however, isn’t completely waterproof, due largely to the gusseted tongue’s suspicious design. With all that said, the boot’s generous list of benefits can still bring hikers to more miles on tamed, established trails. A large number of people praise the Danner Mountain 600 for its amazing comfort. It virtually requires zero break-in time, according to a considerable number of reviewers. Hordes of users—both men and women—commend the Mountain 600’s durability. A good number of owners mention that they are satisfied with how the Mountain 600 fits them well. A high percentage of hikers like the boot for being very lightweight. Many of these hikers are women. Expert reviewers pretty much love its flexibility, with one even likening it to a trail running shoe. Several users and experts give props to the boot’s Vibram Megagrip outsole for sporting amazing traction, especially on slippery surfaces and wet terrain. The spacious toe box of the Danner Mountain 600 pleases more than a handful of online buyers. Many owners dislike the Danner Mountain 600’s tongue. Although gusseted, it apparently isn’t as waterproof as the entire upper. The stock insole of the Mountain 600 from Danner receives disapproval from less than a handful. They declare that it offered no cushioning and support at all. A very small percentage of wearers complain about the boot’s lack of breathability
A trusted brand delivers non-toxic products that know how to perform. Stainless steel cookware does not discolor. Features cool grip handles. Boils water especially well. Dishwasher and oven safe. Engineered for serious chefs who desire to cook faster and more evenly. Some received defective items	Professional-grade stainless steel cookware designed for experienced home cooks and commercial users. We love the even heating of the stainless steel and the curved lips for easy pouring. Tri-ply stainless and aluminum construction provides even heating. Requires less heat to reach cooking temps. Both attractive and functional. Heavier than expected. Some customers not impressed with lids	Create professional-quality dishes with consistent heating in this 12-piece stainless steel set. Tougher than its competitors. Cooks evenly. Ideal for home chefs with a knack for whipping up impressive cuisine without spending thousands on cookware. Great for daily use as well. We especially love its ease of use for those new to cooking. Oven safe to 550°F. Cleans easily but may scratch at times
Solid power and performance for a reasonable price. Above-average suction on hard flooring and works surprisingly well on carpets, too. Cordless convenience powered by a reliable battery. Battery fuel gauge makes it easy to see when it's running low. Doesn't convert to a handheld vacuum. Extra batteries must be purchased separately	Convenient and cordless with intuitive features. Cordless convenience to clean anywhere without being tethered to an outlet. "Fade-free" lithium-ion battery system means strong cleaning even at the end of a battery charge. The wide cleaning path and edge cleaning bristles shorten cleaning time. Users love the power controls placed on the handle. A newer version of this vacuum exists, so many users might want the upgrade	Sleek, thin design makes this perfect to leave out, or fit it in a small closet. Powered by a battery and charger – no need to plug and unplug vacuum every time you enter a new room. Handle leans way back so you can easily reach under furniture. Will last around 30 minutes before needing recharging. Only takes 3 hours to fully recharge. Also works on carpets. Super lightweight. No attachment tools included or available for purchase. Like all cordless vacs, the debris canister is small
A sound investment that will add numerous food prep options to your kitchen. Grill, griddle, press, and more!. Features rugged stainless steel construction with removable nonstick cooking plates. There are less costly models on the market, but few offer such versatility	You'll spend a bit more for this grill, but if you want a multi-function unit that doesn't seem to have a weak spot, this unit is worth the cost. Garners praise for its floating cover, which adjusts to adequately cook food of various thickness and ensures even heat distribution. A handful of consumers warn that excess grease and oil can drip onto the countertop if the lid isn't opened evenly	A multi-functional panini press from a popular maker that has much to offer. Multiple cooking options. Removable nonstick plates. Streamlined press handle. Versatile. can be used in the open position for numerous grilled creations. Pricey. A few reports of quality concerns, including uneven heat and poor hinges
A fast-heating panini press that makes quick work of quesadillas, pizza, and sandwiches. The best value on the market. Folds up for storage when not in use. Adjustable height for varying sandwich thicknesses. Green preheat light turns on when unit is ready to use. Plates are fixed in place. Temperature cannot be adjusted. No on/off switch	Though it has a few inconvenient features, it is also quite affordable and incredibly functional. Floating "cafe" lid design presses sandwiches firmly and evenly. Makes sandwiches of almost any size—impressive considering the low price. The temperature isn't adjustable, which can lead to burnt sandwiches if you aren't careful. Grill plates aren't removable, which makes it somewhat difficult to clean
Whether you have a large family or just need something to help keep your bathroom organized, this toothbrush holder fits the bill. Great value. Family-friendly design holds up to nine regular and six electric toothbrushes. Comes with three anti-dust cups. Four upper compartments offer plenty of storage space. Wall-mountable. Overloading may cause it to fall. Storage compartments are a bit narrow	Perfect for small bathrooms shared by many people. Helps to reduce clutter on countertops. Three storage containers. Cups to protect toothbrushes from germs. Holds up to 6 brushes. Kid-friendly design. Some have found the storage containers to be too small
Heat, bake, and grill all in the same appliance with this convection microwave. Features grill, convection, and microwave functions along with 9 presets. Easy to use, and comes with a removable grill rack to use with the grill mode. The exterior heats up when using the convection setting, and it's very loud	Acts like a combo microwave, convection, and grill. This midsize microwave is packed with functions that give you flexibility when cooking. The convection technology allows even heating. The grilling function, which is more of a broil setting, even lets you toast bread, make grilled cheese, and brown other foods, such as bacon. Users report that the door can be tight and hard to open
For home cooks who want the traditional look of hammered copper, but the performance of stainless steel. The pieces are sturdy, and the handles and lids are well-constructed. May not be induction ready. Vintage European quality at an impressive price point. Hammered copper exterior is worthy of display. Oven-safe to 500 degrees, with a tri-ply cooking surface. Copper layer may not be thick enough for functionality. Discoloration and pitting are common complaints. Requires diligent hand washing and polishing	If you want a copper cookware set but are watching your budget, the Calphalon set is the best choice for you. Has similar features to the Calphalon set- tri-ply construction, 10 pieces, and a lifetime warranty. The main difference is the copper exterior that has a hammered finish. Consumers commented that the cookware has the tendency to stick, and though it's similar to our best value pick in features, it has a higher price
Quiet and inexpensive to run, this option provides many adjustable options to meet your needs. Features reversible double doors and adjustable legs for leveling. Stainless steel doors. Runs quietly. Temperatures are adjustable between 32ºF and 50 ºF in the refrigerator, and -11.2ºF and 5ºF in the freezer. Some buyers say that the temperatures inside this compact refrigerator are erratic and not consistent	A double-reversible refrigerator and freezer that may help you save money on your energy bills. Freestanding streamlined design will complement any kitchen or outdoor space. Compact unit can be tucked under a counter or built into a cabinet or piece of furniture for a customized look. Includes a whisper-quiet compressor. Unit is Energy Star-rated. Temperature regulation tends to be inconsistent. May cause condensation inside the refrigerator
One of the highest-selling mattress covers recognized for its impressive airflow technology. Made with high-quality cotton. Customers rave over the completely waterproof design. Airflow technology allows for a breathable protector with a helpful cooling system. A few customers wish the material was softer. Side covers are somewhat loose	Go for this one if you don't mind your bed being a little extra snug. Solid combination of versatile size and hypoallergenic and waterproof material. May trap heat, especially in warmer climates
A sturdy and simple end table that's easy to assemble. This well-built table looks great, and the wood has a nice rustic finish. Stands out for the durable wrought iron legs. Lower wooden shelf comes in handy. 24 inches wide by 22 inches deep by 23 inches high. This table is somewhat lightweight	Gives you the industrial look you want with a few more design accents than others. Four metal leg posts have a few design accents and a metal X-brace in the back to enhance the overall look of the end table. Nearly perfect height at 23 inches tall. Will want X-brace side against a wall, limiting your layout options
Firm enough for support in any sleeping position, yet soft enough to cradle your spine and joints without pain, pressure points, or tingles. Certified free of any harmful chemicals. Available in twin through CA King. 10 inches thick. Four layers, and every one of them adds to your comfort. On top, a layer of latex foam provides bounce and firmness without heat or the dreaded "quicksand" feeling of traditional memory foam. Next, a layer of memory foam for support, then a layer of transition foam to provide even weight distribution, and finally, a base of support foam. Removable, washable cover encloses the entire thing. You won't be disturbed by your partner rolling over. While most owners praised the lack of heat buildup, a few still felt the mattress slept hot	A high-end mattress with a four-layer support system. Uses a support system designed to mirror your body’s natural shape at 33 specific points for more restorative sleep. A great choice for sleepers with back pain as it’s endorsed by the American Chiropractic Association (ACA). In the higher price range for a memory foam mattress
A large, high-quality deep fryer that's great for big meals and has some nice extras. Oil capacity of 3.5 liters. Includes an adjustable thermostat and a filtration system for used oil that filters in a storage tank. Everything but the power cord and the heating element and the control unit is dishwasher-safe. The frying area could be a little deeper	Without question the best electric deep fryer on the market. Features like the oil drain filter, the sealed cooking lid, and the easily detachable and washable parts make the Ultimate EZ Clean Fryer a model well worthy of its price. Its basket may be difficult to clean due to batter potentially sticking to the mesh wiring
Though it lacks a few convenient features, it's a  quality panini press that heats quickly and turns out delicious hot sandwiches, pancakes, and more. Nonstick plates easily wipe clean. Cord wraps for storage. Four height settings mean you can grill even the fattest sandwiches. On/ready lights. Plates are not removable for cleaning. No on/off switch. No temperature control	Its quality features and ability to make a variety of sandwiches of all sizes compensate for its few inconveniences. The top choice for your money. A sturdy, versatile model that heats, toasts, melts, and cooks quickly. Floating hinge and 4 height settings. Ribbed top plate makes grill marks. nonstick surface resists scratches. Pricey. Grill plates aren't removable, but their nonstick surfaces make them easier to clean than similar models. Some owners wish it had an on/off switch
Replace that worn-out box spring with a study steel slat frame, designed to support any queen-sized mattress while still providing plenty of storage space underneath. All hardware included for easy and quick assembly. Steel slats keep mattress from sagging and are noise-free. Comes with a 5-year warranty. Can attach a headboard of your choice. Boxes up to 14 inches in height can be stored under the bed. Supports up to 1,200 pounds. Should not be used for a foam mattress, such as a Tempur-Pedic, as these will slide through the slats	The one to choose if you are looking for a no-frills design and prefer extra support and a firm-feeling bed. Solid build that doesn't squeak with motion. Slat design provides outstanding mattress support. no sagging. Can be assembled in a matter of minutes. Some users reported that it makes the mattress feel too firm. It's also basic - no bells or whistles
Brews 40 oz. of coffee in just 6 min. Features a stainless steel thermal carafe. Maintains a steady temperature for the water using a copper boiling element to ensure the highest possible coffee quality. Includes replaceable parts to ensure you can use the machine over the long term. Stainless steel thermal carafe maintains coffee temperature. May experience some problems with water leaking during brewing process	The Moccamaster KBT 741 proves Technivorm's reputation for building exceptional drip coffee makers is well deserved. The Technivorm Moccamaster KBT 741 brews excellent, sometimes outstanding pots of drip coffee 10 cups at a time. It also has a lovely, elegant design and keeps coffee hot for a full 6 hours. The Moccamaster KBT 741 is very expensive and takes up a large amount of counter space
This small steaming iron can work as a steamer or iron, but if you're not looking to iron at all, you might prefer a regular steamer. Slightly larger than a computer mouse, this steaming iron heats up and cools down quickly and is also great for seamstresses and quilters. The manufacturer suggests using distilled water	Affordable option with a useful steam function and adjustable temperature. Backed by a one-year warranty. Convenient dual-voltage construction and small size make it great for travel. Heats quickly. efficiently gets rid of wrinkles. Generates quite a bit of steam considering its small water reservoir. The small size means that ironing multiple pieces of clothing may take longer than with a traditional iron
The most versatile-size slow cooker with the convenience of programmable cooking times and a locking lid for transport. Set cooking time from 30 minutes to 20 hours: when time is up, the Crock-Pot automatically switches to "Warm" setting. Oversize handles and locking lid make the slow cooker easy to transport to potlucks and more. A few owners complained that the pot cooked too hot and too fast. A handful of owners claimed the pot developed hairline cracks soon after purchase	Although not the cheapest unit, this affordable cooker renders a very good result. Rated #2 in our kitchen test. Digital controls for timer and temperature. Can cook for up to seven people. Great taste test results. Keep Warm" setting is high enough to continue cooking food. Lid clips can be awkward
A first-rate microwave oven that delivers an unparalleled combination of quality and value. Provides 2- and 3-stage cooking at 6 different power levels. Grab-and-go handles are stylish and versatile. Stainless steel front ensures the microwave oven will maintain its appearance for an extended period of time. Easily accommodates dinner plates, large casserole dishes, glass bowls, coffee mugs, and other common kitchenware. Timer doesn't always work properly. Beeps multiple times when food is done, which may be annoying to some users	More powerful and spacious than other compact microwaves – but you pay for the power. One of the few to include Braille on its keypad. At 1000W, it's higher powered than many others. Capacity of 0.8 cubic feet. Stainless steel finish. Enough power for use in restaurants, convenience stores, offices, hotels and other high-traffic settings. Employs bottom energy feed system for quick, efficient cooking. Touch control keypad operates 20 menus and 6 power levels. Convenient, powerful and more spacious than other compact microwaves. More expensive than other compact microwaves. Plastic door scratches easily. Loud beeps
This uniquely shaped vacuum is ideal for sucking debris out of corners and tight spaces. V-shaped design drives debris in front of the vacuum for easier clean-up. Swivel head makes it easy to maneuver around furniture. Power cord extends 20 feet. Great for picking up debris in tight spots with no attachments needed. Runs quietly. Users say this vacuum is prone to clogging and requires routine maintenance	A sound option if you need a lightweight model for hardwood floors and low-pile carpet; but it's not recommended for heavy-duty cleaning or thick carpet. Lightweight and easy to maneuver. Offers a unique swivel-action V-shaped head for hard-to-reach corners and crevices. Dirt canister is easy to empty and put back into place. The cord is only 20 feet long, and it's not recommended for high-pile carpet
Successfully pits large, medium, or small cherries. Comfortable to use for long periods. Includes detachable splatter shield to prevent juice from making a mess. No-slip grip that's comfortable. Good materials used in build quality. Folds up securely for storage. Struggles with pitting olives. Takes some hand strength to use successfully	This combination cherry and olive pitter is comfortable to hold and use and certainly gets the job done. Product has a splatter guard, eliminating the need for hefty cleanup. Comfortable to use as movement of the mechanism is smooth. Long, metal punch in pitter increases the success rate compared to other models. Splash guard doesn’t block everything, so don’t use while wearing a white shirt
Made from extremely durable plastic composite, these lifters can hold some serious weight. So you can cast aside your worries, and stay "Easygoing. While safe to use on your hardwood floors, these risers can give your bed an extra 3 inches of rise and have a collective weight limit of 5,720 pounds!. If the legs of your bed happen to be particularly skinny and don't have much surface area to distribute the weight, there is the possibility of them breaking through the top	These bed risers are intended for use with beds of all shapes and sizes. Constructed from high-end plastic that can support up to 5,720 pounds. Make it easy to raise the foot or head of a bed. Can be stacked together when not in use. Create 3 inches of space, providing you with extra room to store blankets, sheets, pillows, and other items under a bed. Feature a raised edge to help keep a bed post in place. Bed risers are flimsy and sometimes slide when used on wood floors
This solid-feeling stainless-steel option offers excellent quality for an affordable price. Stands out for its sleek design. Uses regular ground coffee so there's no need to buy expensive pods. Customers appreciate the "bold" setting for premium coffee. Some units don't heat the water hot enough to make a really good cup of joe	A relatively inexpensive single-cup coffee maker with adjustable stand for travel mugs and standard coffee cups. Mesh filter doubles as a coffee scoop, and stores on the side of the machine. Customizable brewing for regular strength or bold coffee. Lower height that fits under most kitchen cabinets. Easy to fill the reservoir, so fresh water used for each cup. Heats quickly. Brews up to 14 oz., so larger travel mugs won't fill completely. Some users prefer to use paper filters, thinking the taste is better
When you need a lot of rice, you need this programmable 20-cup rice cooker. Yields up to 20-cup of cooked rice. Nonstick inner pot. Steams meat and vegetables while rice cooks below. Programmable digital controls with automatic Keep-Warm and White Rice, Brown Rice, Steam, Flash Rice, and Slow Cook functions. 15-hour delay timer. Simplifies dinner. Easy to clean. Water from the air vent can drip back down into the rice once the unit cools, creating mushy patches	You may end up waiting a bit longer for this combination unit to reach the ideal temperature, but it produces delicious results each time. Also serves as a heavy-duty rice cooker. Consistent, reliable results with the perfect texture and flavor. Many consumers note that it takes a while for water to reach a hot enough temperature for adequate steaming
An upright dustpan that does not have an industrial look and comes with a matching broom. Comes with a broom that extends to full height. Dustpan can lock open. Broom stores inside the dustpan. Includes a hole in the handle for hanging. Lightweight. Telescoping handle works well for stairs. The broom that comes with this set is not the most heavy duty broom available	If you need a dustpan that keeps you from bending over, this pan and brush set is a good bet. Pan and brush fit together for storage. Both brush and pan can telescope to reach high. Teeth on the pan help pull large pieces of debris from the brush. Great for picking up animal hair. Bristles on this brush do a good job of picking up debris on the floor. If space is limited, keep in mind this brush and pan will not reduce smaller than 35" for storage
This inexpensive mattress pad is a solid choice for those wanting a comfortable layer for the bed. Mattress pad is 40% more filled than other covers, making the product exceptionally comfortable. Customers enjoy the pad's near-perfect fit. Stays in place throughout the night. Fabric could be cooler. Some customers find the product a little too thin	Primarily intended for protection, this pad doesn't offer significant support, but it fits most mattresses like a glove. Boasts 40% more filling than competitors. Breathable cotton/poly blend is hypoallergenic. Diamond stitching helps prevent bunching. Fits mattresses up to 16 inches deep, twin or queen. It isn't very supportive, and it has a tendency to pill
Deliver coffee on demand that stays hot and travels easier than other models. Sized right for catering professionals and event planners who need a portable device that can deliver hot beverages quickly. We love the grip handles for easy transportation as well. More sophisticated than other models in terms of heating technology. While light to lift, the overall construction would benefit from heavier materials	Durable construction, lots of features, and a budget-friendly price tag earn the Hamilton Beach our pick for the best value available. A trusted brand and a reliable product. Offers cup-per-45 seconds of coffee brewing (though some users say it's more like a minute). Streamlined design with large handles for easy carrying. Is somewhat noisy when brewing, but the value it offers outweighs this small concern for most consumers
Pretty accent table for a smaller space. Solid wood with useful drawer combinations. Very easy to assemble. Won’t hold anything heavy
A practical fan that delivers straightforward oscillation and ample airflow. The best choice for the budget-minded consumer. Basic, sturdy, and portable. Impressive air circulation for a budget price. Head tilts back to provide targeted airflow. The base is adjustable, and assembly requires no tools. Somewhat noisy. It doesn't have fancy features like more expensive models, but you won't miss them if saving money is your top concern
If you need a dehumidifier for a small space, this is a great choice, but it won't do much in larger rooms. We love the whisper-quiet thermo-electric technology. Simple to use. Features auto-shutoff for safety. Only suitable for small rooms around 110 square feet or less
A standard ice cube tray made with silicone bottoms for easy removal. Spill-resistant lids. 3 trays packs cost less than comparable molds. Silicone trays make it easy to pop ice cubes out. Produces very small ice cubes
A quality-made nonstick pan that comes with essential tools and recipe ideas. Pan is made from sturdy, nonstick aluminum. Maze pattern gives every brownie a crispy edge. Pan fits a standard size box of brownie mix. Included spatula is the perfect size to lift brownies from pan. Recipe book is also included. Pan sits at a slightly higher price point
A durable stainless steel rack that is oven safe and easy to clean. Made from heavy-gauge stainless steel, the dishwasher-safe rack resists rusting and warping. This rack sits lower and has more widely spaced bars, so food may take longer to cool and smaller items may slip through. With only 4 feet, this rack is also less stable than others
This kettle gets high praise for its looks, but some buyers have warned about its fragility and tendency to splatter when it reaches a boil. Made from hand blown glass that is heat-resistant up to 150 degrees C. Comes with a wire for use with electric stoves. Construction includes no plastic. Buyers love the look/design. Holds 40 ounces (1200ml). Bamboo handle swivels. Cracks easily. Some claim that they've gotten burned from splatter from the spout or vent hole. Reports of this option arriving missing parts, particularly the lid
This metal frame model is more versatile than others with its movable ladder and ability to split into 2 beds. Without paying much more you get the same space-saving design as other metal frame bunk beds plus the separating design. There's enough space between the bottom and top bunks for teens or adults to sit upright. 3 color options. Difficult assembly. Not very sturdy
While it's a modern machine with dual capabilities to brew traditionally or one cup at a time, it's large and impractical for coffee drinkers who prefer one method or the other. A unique concept offering traditional 12-cup and single-cup brewing all in one. Has coffee strength selector and is compatible with a variety of pods and K-Cups. The 2-in-1 design comes with one of the highest price tags. Other concerns include occasional reservoir leaks and coffee spattering from the single brew side
A generous appliance in every sense. It's a fantastic dehydrator that's worth its high price tag. Offers a class-leading 15 square feet of drying space. Thoroughly and rapidly dehydrates food at a level that exceeds competitors. Appliance is heavy. Trays do not fit in many dishwashers. Pricey
This powerful unit offers 9,000 BTU of cooling power, more than enough for a room or small home. With none of the upkeep of ice-powered models, this is a capable choice that pumps in cool air using eco-friendly refrigerants. Quiet operation and simple temperature controls. The exhaust unit does not fit all window types
This well-made stuffer is crafted with quality metal gears and a gear box to keep them in top condition. Easy-to-clean cylinder for meat. Includes stuffing tubes for 1/2", 3/4" and 1" inner diameter sizes. Features hardened steel gears. Gear box protects hardened steel gears. Rests on stainless steel base. Comes with two clamps that help attach stuffer to counter top. Diameter Measures 15" H x 9 1/4" W x 6" D. Pricey. Plunger assembly can be difficult to remove from the cylinder. Crank handle may come loose
Does a good job of restoring luster, but not as good a job covering scratches. Good amount of coverage with just one bottle. Works well on dog-damaged floors. Protects the floors for several months. A good product to try if you want to delay refinishing. Made for hardwoods only and will not work well on laminate, tile, or other hard surfaces
High performance functionality meets style in these easy to use salt and pepper grinders. Excellent quality from a trusted brand. Ergonomic design with a non-slip base provides superior grip to make grinding a breeze. Offers a generous 5 coarseness settings. Ceramic grinders deliver versatile use and are resistant to corrosion. Wide openings for mess-free refills and upper grinding mechanism ensures surfaces remain clean. Stainless steel accents add a modern appeal. No lid to keep contents fresh. Grind selection could be easier to use
A versatile and stylish set of corner shelves at a very affordable price point. Users report being pleased not only with the value for the price, but the attractive look and ease of set up. It also stands out for being a good height, and we love that it is versatile enough for many spaces. Not as durable as a model like the Kai Teak shelves, and it may lean if heavy items are placed on the upper shelves
If you're looking for luxury, this decanter is tough to beat. Handmade and luxurious. Timeless design. Lightweight crystal. Holds a large volume. An aeration and filtration unit would be a welcome addition
A well-crafted memory foam mattress that can compete with products four times its cost. 12 inches of foam provide ultimate firm support. Does not sink over time. Offers a cool and comfortable night's sleep. Two pillows included. Little support around the edges of the bed
If you take your ironing seriously, and are no stranger to the ironing board, you need an iron that works as hard as you do to remove wrinkles and creases from your clothing. The SteamForce is up to the task, with the highest level of steam production of all Rowenta irons. Stainless steel soleplate glides smoothly over all types of fabric. 400 microholes, 1800 watts of power, and 220 g/min of steam production make quick work of ironing. One-touch control for choosing fabric setting. Produces 30% more steam than other irons. Vertical steam capability for drapes. Iron is much heavier than some would like
Plastic rack fits well in tight spaces and effectively organizes cans by expiration date. Simple assembly only requires 4 steps. Stores up to 54 cans between 4 and 15 ounces. First in, first out design keeps cans in order of expiration date. Made from thick, sturdy plastic. Racks can be easily stacked on top of each other. Cans from middle row must be manually rotated to the bottom
A great bargain-priced set with lots of pieces. Utensils are included in the set. Lids are vented for release of steam. Nonstick material is of high quality. Handles are easy-grip silicone. Not as oven-friendly as some pricier models. Can only withstand up to 350°F
Though versatile, other models that are less pricey and straightforward to use offer similar results. Five blades deliver a variety of slice options, including thin shreds. Spacious caddy for accessory storage. Expensive. Somewhat confusing to use at first. Requires strength to slice firm vegetables. Blades aren't clearly labeled
These insulated glasses – available as a 2-pack – are great to use outside or at social gatherings given their durable yet sleek design. Comes as a pack of 2 and conveniently dishwasher safe. Double-walled insulation prevents condensation, even outside in heat and humidity. Very lightweight. Sleek look, although they are quite durable. Each cup has a 13-ounce capacity. Cups do not come with lids
A durable bamboo butcher block that has anti-bacterial properties for cutting meat. At 2-inches thick and 8.5 pounds, this butcher block has a durable feel and size. Organic bamboo provides anti-bacterial and anti-microbial properties naturally. Great looking block that will also work as a serving tray. Wood used in this block may crack, chip, or split over time
It's hard to beat the overall quality of this saucepan if you don't mind spending a bit more up front. Forgiving cooking surface that excels in browning and searing. Stainless steel handles come with a bolster for a more secure grip. A common complaint is that the pan is quite heavy, which isn't surprising given its copper construction
A sleek Fitbit with current features that make it the most advanced model yet. Sports a large screen with a trim build. Easy to use and comfortable. Alexa is built in to search, set reminders, track fitness metrics, more. Compatible with many music apps. 6-day battery life. Pricey. Issues with some apps have been reported. A bit of a learning curve	Fitbit is still the king of fitness trackers — and the Versa 2 has made them a contender in the smartwatch market, too. The Versa 2 has Amazon’s Alexa built-in, so you can use voice control or ask it for personalized updates. It competes with the Apple Watch for half the price. Some fitness features require paid subscription to Fitbit Premium. Water-resistant, not waterproof
This exceedingly popular belt is perfect for those wanting a high-quality product with excessive storage space. Zipper-less design allows for easy access to belongings. Belt features 1 continuous pocket with multiple openings for ample storage space. Key fob located inside belt. Can be difficult to find the right size. Tends to move around during jumps	This exceedingly popular running belt showcases supreme comfort alongside effective storage. The belt works as one continuous pocket with multiple openings for extra storage. Logo is reflective for night running. No-bounce design. Includes interior key fob. Correct sizing can be difficult to find. Logo can come off during washing
You can use this convertible vinyl purse as a tote, or attach the cross-body strap for a hands-free messenger bag option. Clear bag made of 0.4-millimeter vinyl with top zipper and canvas-style flap. Stadium approved. Thick and durable, but not inflexible. Reinforced nylon handles. Measures 12 x 12 x 6 inches. Holds items such as a water bottle, keys, cell phone, hat, sunglasses, and more. Removable cross-body strap adjusts from 30 to 60 inches. Choice of color. Can even fit a full size football in for autographs. Holds iPad or tablet. Plastic may crack, especially in colder temperatures	This roomy and clear tote bag is perfect for sporting events or travel to hold everything you need and to wear with comfort. 12-by-12-by-6-inch dimensions. Has 2 regular straps plus longer one to make it work as a cross body, making this an easy bag to carry. Large enough to fit even an NFL football, convenient for games to collect autographs. Seamless design prevents rips and has thick, durable plastic. NFL and PGA stadium approved. This bag has no inside pocket
Your best option if you're in the market for an extra-large umbrella to shield you against sun, wind and rain. Available in 62" and 68" sizes. Ergonomic handle with quick-release button. Made of water-resistant micro-weave fabric. Lightweight and mold resistant. Dries quickly. Provides SPF 50. Steel frame holds up well against strong winds. 13 color choices. There have been a few complaints of the umbrella's ribs breaking	Versatile, quality umbrella with a fan following. As well as a wind diverting double canopy and fiberglass ribs and tips, this is also exceptionally water resistant, quick drying, and mold resistant. Comes in a range of sizes, from 54" to 68", which is big enough for 3 people. These are huge umbrellas and the larger size can be cumbersome, especially when getting in and out of vehicles
A high-quality, well-made set from a reputable brand ideal for toddlers and young kids. Consumers appreciate the quality construction and durability. Easy to assembly. We love that its ability to adjust means it works for about ages 2-7. Base includes two built-in drink holders. Sometimes the unit slips during play and the height needs readjusted	Active little ones will love this adjustable basketball hoop. With a surprisingly sturdy construction and adjustable height, this option suits a variety of ages. Generous height adjustment allows kids from 2 to 8 years old to practice their dunking skills. Features a high quality, extra wide backboard, breakaway rim, and woven net. Base comes with 2 drink holders so there's no need for the action to stop when it's time to hydrate. Strong and sturdy. Easy to assemble. Included basketball feels somewhat flimsy
Experienced campers looking to make their experience more comfortable with a lot of inside space with love this tent. Can easily fit a queen-sized air mattress and leave plenty of extra space for other gear. Several adults can use this tent comfortably, or a large family. Tall height in the middle. Tent has specially angled windows that let in light and do a great job of keeping out leaks in the rain. Comes in both 6 and 8 man size. Set up on this tent will be a little more complicated than other options on the market	A spacious, well-built tent that will keep you dry and warm on even the coldest nights. Durable and waterproof. Easy to set up. Lightweight. Fits up to 3 queen size air mattresses. Rain fly included. Hinged door with Velcro closure. Most adults can stand up comfortably inside. Some have complained that it is not well ventilated
Inverted seam technology helps prevent leaks, and welded floors help keep water out. Easy to pitch in just minutes. Easily set this tent up in no time with pre-installed, continuous poles. Outer material is durable. Inverted protected seams keep you dry. Large windows provide adequate ventilation. The 7' by 7' foot area is spacious enough for 3 people. Wall storage pockets help keep your gadgets off the floor. The floor could be thicker for better insulation	A lightweight tent from a trusted company for a budget price. Serious campers might require a more rugged tent. Quality at an affordable price. Easy to pitch. 52 inches of standing room. Doesn't function well in heavy rain. The floor area is less spacious than that of some competitors
Absolutely no need to choose between a stove and a grill when both are built into one efficient unit. Built-in panels keep stove protected from high winds. Food and water both heat quickly. Portable. Great for camping. Can purchase a griddle to go with the unit. Users love how easy it is to use and clean, especially if lining with foil first. Does not have a push-button start and requires a match to light. Some users feel the knobs stick out too far	This perfect camping companion comes in a convenient carrying case. Uses high-quality steel to keep it rustproof. Compact but still offers 130 sq. in. of grilling space. 20,000 Btu of grilling power. Fold-away Wind Block panels help to keep the flame protected from the elements. 2-in-1 design that can be used as a stove or a grill. The 2 burners are adjustable, but customers say that the flames are basically only high or low
A fully adjustable, heavy-duty workout bench designed for a wide variety of free-weight exercises. Constructed with commercial quality steel that can support up to 480 lb. There is a 30 yr. warranty on the frame. The adjustable bench features 6 different positions that help maintain a correct stable posture for safe and proper lifting. Easily stowed. You might need a brief adjustment period to get used to the feel of the equipment	One of the best workout benches available, and an affordable foundation for numerous workout possibilities. A sturdy bench that's built to last. Provides decent workouts w/6 positions and up to 90-degree incline. 30-year frame warranty. It's heavy, and assembly is challenging. It doesn't incline to a flat position, which may eliminate some exercises
Upright bike with a small footprint, ideal for those who regularly attend spin classes. Rugged build, vivid screen with goal-tracking and app access, 20 resistance levels, built-in USB port and speaker. Easy to assemble and adjust, and not as heavy as other high-end models. Some owners wish that the seat weren't made of plastic	Affordable option for a high-end bike from an industry leader. Offers 20 levels of computer-controlled resistance and 22 preset programs. Features 2 LCD screens for in-depth progress and goal tracking. MP3 connectivity and USB charging port with a device ledge. Not a major price difference from the 270 model
Half the price of other squat racks without sacrificing quality. Steel construction and 3-step powder coat for superior durability and safety. Issues with CAP's customer service	This budget-priced half rack is a good fit for small spaces and beginners. However, the low weight capacity can be limiting if your primary passion is weightlifting. Very affordable. Adjustable bar catches can be used for a variety of lifts. Overhead pull-up bar is made of high-quality tubular stainless steel for added stability. Powder-coated finish resists corrosion. Compact design doesn’t require much space. Easy to assemble. Maximum weight capacity is only 300 pounds
Surpasses the competitors in every way: comfort, stability, and support. You won't find a pair that has more to offer. Made of leather for long wear. Stretchable fabric makes them easy to remove. Thick rubber padding helps prevent blistering. When new, they have a strong chemical smell, but this goes away over time
Choose this soccer ball if you want one that stands out for its looks and is easy to play with; but you may want to check out some of its competitors on our list if you need a ball for serious competition. A good choice for youths and entry-level players, as those who enjoy playing a friendly game of soccer rave about its vibrant, neon color. Mid-level price. sizes 3, 4, and 5. Like many in its class, it arrives deflated. May not hold up to pro-level play, as it needs to be inflated frequently and the seams are prone to breakage
The i4 Goggle is highly customizable, comfortable, and sturdy, making this a premium paintball mask that professionals and newcomers alike will appreciate. Lightweight. Easily adjusts for custom fit. Design whisks sweat from wearer’s face. Comfortable foam ear protection. Wide range of vision. Anti-fog thermal lens. Many colors available. While the i4 is a comfortable and well-protected paintball mask, it is one of the pricier models out there
The Garmin Vivosmart HR does fitness and heart rate tracking just about as well as the Fitbit Charge HR while adding smartphone alerts, too, all in a compact package. All-day heart rate and fitness tracking. Always-on touchscreen. Can get smartphone notifications. Shower and swim-friendly. Bulky design. Its Garmin Connect mobile app isn't as refined as apps from Fitbit or Jawbone. No smart coaching or personalized feedback
Simple trigger-style design at a mid-range price. Users love the easy operation. Pistol grip design makes it simple to point at the object you want to measure. Just pull the trigger and the speed reading comes up on the large LCD display quickly. Recommended for ball sports and vehicles. At 19 ounces, it's not as small and lightweight as others
A bevy of features and a efficient fan make this recumbent bike a pleasure to exercise with. The back of the bike seat is ventilated to help with air circulation and enhance rider comfort. A convenient drink holder makes hydrating simple. The bike's durable construction is backed by a solid warranty. Speakers are not the greatest quality and the control panel may be a bit complicated for some
Nice cold weather batting glove option that's designed to reduce sting. Includes extra padding to absorb impact and reduce sting of mishits, especially in cold weather. Padding doesn't inhibit ability to move the hands easily, though. Good softness throughout glove. Able to pick among 6 different color combinations and 9 different sizes. Some longevity issues. may not last through the entire season
A solid all-terrain kart for younger kids. Works equally well on asphalt and grass. We love that its short charging time means it can be driven often, and it holds a charge for hours. Forty-minute battery, max speed of nine miles per hour, eight-inch rubber tires. Bucket seat with shoulder strap. Max weight of 120 pounds. Struggles to climb uphill. May require ongoing maintenance
Standard 12-inch Pilates ring with studio-quality construction, well-liked by advanced practitioners. Dual-sided foam pads prevent the ring from slipping away from your body. Offers an ample amount of resistance for more intense sessions. Available in three fun colors to match other home gym accessories. Somewhat more stiff than other options, which not all practitioners seem to like
This grilling tripod makes cooking many foods over an open fire a lot easier. Grill diameter is a little larger than others on the market. Sturdy chain allows you to raise or lower grill to the needed height. Can also hold your lantern. Made from steel. Lightweight, but just as sturdy as cast iron tripods. The grill is free swinging, allowing food and pots to be less secure than those hung straight from a chain
For beginning and casual skaters, these attractive and comfortable skates fit the bill, but they won't hold up to more advanced skating. Fits wide feet without pinching. Skate size corresponds to industry shoe sizes. Fits beginners comfortably, with cozy fleece lining. Blades hold their edge well for more than one skate session. Laces are too short to properly lace up the boot. Blades must be sharpened prior to first use. Adult sizes run a bit large. Not good for more advanced skaters
The best single duck call that blends a combination of high-quality construction and accurate sound production. Uses a triple reed design to improve the accuracy, volume, and clarity of the call. Capable of producing lower tones and high pitches for different types of birds. Easy to blow. Great for beginners. Duck call can freeze up in colder, freezing temperatures
Specifically designed for CrossFit workouts, this jump rope scores well for its unparalleled speed and durability. Ergonomic handles. Unique quadruple ball-bearing system offers smooth rotation. Lightweight coated steel cable for fast-paced workouts. Great for double, and even triple unders. Comes with 2 extra-long cables. Easily adjustable to any height. Available in a variety of colors. Includes spare hardware and carry bag. Nylon resin handles get slippery during intensely sweaty workouts
A tiny but effective pump that boasts up to 210 psi and pumps on both stroke directions. Though it takes several strokes to completely fill tires, its ability to pump in both directions is useful, and it has a readable gauge. Customers praise this pump for its solid construction and the company’s excellent customer service. The one-year warranty offers peace of mind. It takes several strokes to inflate tires, and the gauge struggles to read below 30 psi
High-quality reel aimed at catching large game fish. Great reel for saltwater fishing. All-metal design for excellent durability. Drag is both powerful and smooth. Very good gear ratio of 6.2 to 1. Design prevents any slippage in the line. Excellent price for the performance. Potentially some binding in line after several uses. Clunky feel when trying to cast long distances
Decent performance for the money on these adjustable skates, which can be used for either kids or women. These roller blades can adjust to fit. Great for girls in women's sizes who are still growing. Decent quality for the price. Nice wheels and a good look on this skate make for an excellent value. Users seem to have some problems with the shoe inserts. It does not adjust like the rest of the skate
It's hard to match this kettlebell's performance for the price, making it the best value for your money. The CAP's solid cast iron construction holds up well to repeated use. Very affordable. Handle is a bit narrow for larger hands
Not your typical aqua gloves. This form-fitting pair is designed to increase the intensity of the swim routine while still allowing for finger dexterity. Excellent for surfing, scuba diving, snorkeling, and underwater photography. Flexible material allows a range of movement. Power of strokes increased while swimming. Can create fingerless gloves if desired by cutting off the fingertips. Easy to remove – just blow into them like a balloon. Not insulated like some other gloves, so won't protect hands in cold water. Can be a challenge to put on without lubrication
A solid choice for outdoor brewing. Large 14-cup capacity and all the heat resistance of an enamel coating. Can deliver percolated and unfiltered "cowboy coffee" equally well. Designed primarily for outdoor use. not the best option for the kitchen. Some concerns about the durability and replacement of internal parts
Good price for a scope with plenty of nice features. Lens coating maximizes the transmission of light. Easy to change settings in the field with click dials. Waterproof, fog-proof, and rugged. Parallax -free viewing as close as 3 yards. Durable scope that will work well in the field over many hunting trips. May not mount properly to all rifles. Inexpensive parts can't quite match performance of more advanced models
Versatile collection of lacrosse balls that works for practice, recreational games, or competitive game play. Helpful for some practice drills to have multiple colors of balls available. Durable style of molded rubber ball that will stand up to repeated use. Has official size and weight to ensure they’ll be appropriate to use in all situations, including NCAA and NFHS leagues. Good option for those seeking a massage therapy tool. Ball doesn’t seem to work well for playing with dogs, who may destroy it with constant chewing
Versatile all-purpose boxing gloves with a tight fit design. Offer solid comfort in sparring and practice conditions. Made of premium leather. Great for training and various contact sport styles from shadowboxing to sparring or pad work. Offer excellent wrist stability. Build quality stands up to heavy use. Might be too tight around the knuckles for some users
Designed for the serious lifter, this bench comes with all the bells and whistles you could want. Comes with preacher curl and crunch handle attachments. Adjustable weight rack can act as bench press bar or squat rack. Comfortable foam backrest with flat, incline, or decline positions. U-shaped front leg stabilizer is designed to provide extra stability and safety. Suggested bench max is 180 pounds, so this isn't the bench for heavy lifters
Customers seeking a minimal belt with ultra-slim construction will appreciate this lightweight model. Comes in a variety of color options and styles. Large enough to hold most smartphones. Stays firmly in place with no-bounce construction. Waist strap is adjustable. Many plus-size customers had issues fitting into the adjustable belt. Zipper could operate more smoothly
Novel inside-out folding umbrella keeps water from dripping all over. C-shaped handle for hands-free use. Stands on own if closed. Cool colors, designs. Double UV protection. Some users report metal tips falling off. Company's logo imprinted too much
A step up from the single bar with multiple grip options. Supports up to 250 pounds with sturdy steel construction. Non-slip grips with thick padding provide comfort and safety. Users love the five different grip options for many different kinds of exercises. No installation required since it is braced over the door frame. Since it attaches over the door frame, not all door frames and moldings may work with it to keep it stable
A classic red 8.5" diameter kickball with a tacky surface for easier catching finds a good home in the yard or playground. Works great for all kinds of playground games at school or at home. Ball exterior resists wear. Plays well on many surfaces – cement or asphalt. Exterior resists punctures. Loses air over time – requires re-inflation
A great price for a sturdy mountain bike tire, but consider upgrading if you do a lot of off-roading. Features ultra durable steel bead construction. Good traction for trails and pavement. Fits most 26" bikes. Not ideal for off-roading. Some buyers received a tire different than the one pictured
If you can afford it, the $129.95 Aria Wi-Fi scale adds real-time weight tracking to Fitbit's fitness arsenal. Sleek and attractive, the Fitbit Aria Wi-Fi Smart Scale is easy to install. It also integrates well with Fitbit's powerful cloud-based fitness tools. $130 is a lot to pay for a scale. Support for third-party apps isn't as strong as for other devices
Traditional burlap sacks are both simple and effective. Classic burlap sacks are durable and can be reused for multiple races. Can also be repurposed for gardening or lawn work. Pack of 4. 23 x 40 inch bags ideal for kids and adults. Easily label or draw on bags with a marker. Burlap has a strong scent, air your sacks out before use
Whether you wear knee socks frequently or simply want a large variety to add to your wardrobe, this affordable set is a good choice. Value-priced knee socks that come in sets of eight pairs. Socks are made of stretchy, breathable material that provides a snug yet comfortable fit. Choose from a wide variety of solid colors and stylish patterns, as well as two size options. Material is thinner than that of pricier options, so they aren't the best for winter wear. It also tends to bunch up a bit around the toes
Extremely clear lens with a low cost. Good performance in low light before sunset and after dawn. Low price, great performance. Dusk & Dawn Brightness coating for best results in low-light conditions. Waterproof. Works well on a variety of guns and for different types of hunting. Easy to make adjustments in the field. Scope may fog up easily during humid conditions. Doesn't offer the quality of some pricier scopes
The original BOSU balance trainer is great for balance exercises. A great half-ball for a variety of balance exercises and workouts. This ball includes a workout DVD and a poster featuring 16 exercises. Measures 65 cm in diameter and comes in 5 color options. Some customers reported leaks in their balance trainers
A good skate at a good value price that looks good and offers a smooth ride. Good fit. Good looking. Easy to wear. Feel good. Arrive quickly. Built well. Works well for street skating. Nice shoe for the price. Skates break in nicely. Quality stitching. Makes skating fun. These inexpensive skates have some features, like the bearings, you may want to upgrade, but you can do that if needed
These versatile knee sleeves provide support whether you're squatting or running, allowing you to skip from strength training to cardio without missing a beat. Handcrafted from thick neoprene with reinforced stitching for added durability. Provides excellent stability, compression, and warmth without sacrificing comfort or flexibility. Snug and secure without pinching. Reduces the risk of injury, promotes circulation, and alleviates aches and pains throughout any workout. Comes with a 1 year warranty. High levels of heat retention can cause sweating. Some users found that the logo peeled off rather quickly
This tennis racket is perfect for players who want to generate a lot of power, but it may be too much for some people to handle. Sturdy aluminum frame that generates a lot of power while maintaining stability. Three different grip sizes. Stop Shock pads reduce vibration. Length gives you greater momentum. Oversized head. Available in four colors. This racket is larger, and it may be a little too heavy for some users
Fun tie-dye effect in 4 color options will make any kid excited to swim. Double strap in the back holds its place. Soft silicon gaskets and UVA- and UVB-protected lenses. Designed for kids ages 3 to 10. The one-piece design means loosening the straps each time to remove the goggles
An attractive Bluetooth beanie that produces nice sound once you figure out how to sync it. A wide variety of colors and designs means you're likely to find one to fit your style. Available in numerous patterns, colors, and style variations, including one with an attractive brim. Sound quality emitted by the built-in headphones is impressive for both music and calls. Warm and comfortable. battery life up to 6 hrs. Headphones can be removed to wash the hat. Can be challenging to sync, and the lack of detailed instructions could mean a call to customer service. Sizes run small
A quality wall-mounted bar that offers different grip positions. A solidly constructed bar that is easy to install. The padded grip is comfortable. Perfect for angled wide-grip pull-ups. 42 inches wide. Bolts are of low quality, so you may want to provide your own
